Metadata header 

This contract is provided by UC Berkeley's Institute of Industrial Relations Library (IIRL). The 
information provided is for noncommercial educational use only. It may have been reformatted 
from the original and some appendices or tables may be absent. Note that subsequent 
changes, revisions, and corrections may apply to this document.             

For more information about the IIR Union Contracts Project, contact:
Lincoln Cushing, lcushing@library.berkeley.edu

IDnum

11

Language English

Country United States

State

CO

Union ATU (Amalgamated Transit Union) AFL-CIO

Local Local 19

Busdrivers 

 Occupations Represented

Bargaining Agency Laidlaw Transit Services, Inc.
Agency industrial classification (NAICS):
48-49 (Transportation and Warehousing)

BeginYear 1999

EndYear 2002

Source

http://www.atu19.org/contract.htm

Original_format MS Word (unitary)

Notes

Contact

Dan Francis, ATU19 President/BA, unionatu19@aol.com

Full text contract begins on following page.

                              LABOR  AGREEMENT 
 
 
 
 
 
                       Laidlaw Transit Services, Inc. 
 
 
 
                                    and 
 
 
 
                         Amalgamated Transit Union 
 
 
 
                              Local Number 19 
 
 
 
              Term:  January 1, 1999 through December 31, 2002 
 
 
 
 
 
                             A G R E E M E N T 
 
 
 
THIS AGREEMENT, entered into as of January 1, 1999, by and between the 
Laidlaw Transit Services, Inc. and assigns, party of the first part 
(hereinafter called "The Company") and Local No. 19 of THE AMALGAMATED 
TRANSIT UNION, party of the second part (hereinafter called "The Union"). 
 
 
 
                                WITNESSETH: 
 
 
 
That, in the operation of the buses of this Company, and respecting the 
relations to exist during the term of this Agreement between the Company 
and the members of the Union, both parties hereto mutually agree. 
 
 
 
                    PROVISIONS RELATING TO ALL EMPLOYEES 
 
 
 
ARTICLE 1 
 
RECOGNITION OF UNION 
 

 
 
SECTION 1.  The Company recognizes the Union as the exclusive bargaining 
representative for its full time and part time Bus Operators, Maintenance 
Department employees, full time and regular part time Information Clerks, 
Building Maintenance Employees, Terminal Maintenance Employees, Transit 
Surveyors and agrees to meet and treat with the duly elected officers of 
the Union on all questions relating to hours, wages and working conditions 
in the manner hereinafter provided. 
 
 
 
SECTION 2.  The Company retains all rights not expressly  relinquished in 
this Agreement. 
 
 
 
ARTICLE 2 
 
UNION MEMBERSHIP 
 
 
 
SECTION 1.  All present employees covered by this Agreement shall become 
and remain members of the Union as a precedent to continue employment with 
the Company.  All new employees shall become and remain members of the 
Union within ninety (90) days from their date of employment as a full or 
part time operator, full or part time information clerk, maintenance 
employee, or transit surveyors as a condition of continued employment with 
the Company. 
 
 
 
SECTION 2.  In accordance with the above, the Company agrees to provide 
timely notice of all new employees and will make appropriate payroll 
deductions as described in Article 4, Section 1. 
 
ARTICLE 3 
 
PROBATION PERIOD 
 
 
 
SECTION 1.  All new employees shall be on probation for a period of ninety 
(90) calendar days from the date of their employment.  It is understood and 
agreed that the Company may discipline or discharge any probationary 
employee for any reason deemed sufficient in the judgment of the Company 
and no grievance may be claimed by the employee or by the Union. 
 
 
 
ARTICLE 4 
 
CHECK?OFF AND MEMBERSHIP DUES 
 
 
 

SECTION 1.  The parties hereto recognize the practice of what is commonly 
known as the check?off system, whereby the Company will deduct from the pay 
of the members of the Union for their initiation fee, Union dues and 
assessments and that when so deducted, the Company shall pay over to the 
Treasurer of the Union the monies so collected, and the members of the 
Union, by entering into this Agreement, hereby authorize and direct the 
Company to deduct their initiation fee, Union dues and assessments from 
their payroll checks.  The Union agrees to indemnify and hold the Company 
harmless against any and all claims, suits or other forms of liability 
arising out of the deductions of money for Union dues from an employee's 
pay.  The Union assumes full responsibility for the disposition of the 
monies so deducted once they have been turned over to the Union. 
 
 
 
SECTION 2. Company and Union will not discriminate against any employee 
because of race, creed, color, age, sex or national origin, Vietnam Era 
veteran status, or disability. 
 
 
 
ARTICLE 5 
 
PHYSICAL EXAMINATION AND LICENSE 
 
 
 
SECTION 1.  Physical, or other examinations, required by a governmental 
body or the employer, shall be promptly complied with by all Operations and 
Maintenance Department employees. The expense of such examinations shall be 
borne by the Company.  The examining physician shall be designated by the 
Company. 
 
 
 
SECTION 2.  As a condition of continued employment with the Company any 
physical examination must reveal the physical fitness of the company 
employee involved to perform the duties for which he/she is employed. 
Examinations will be scheduled around an employee's time off.  However, the 
Employer shall pay for any time lost due to having to take physical 
examinations.  Employees shall be paid one hour of pay at their normal 
hourly rate if the physical examination is conducted at a time when the 
employee is not scheduled to be at work. 
 
 
 
SECTION 3.  Should any required physical examination reveal an employee 
unfit for duty, the employee may at his/her option have a review of the 
case in the following manner: 
 
 
 
     A.   The employee may employ a physician of his/her own choosing and 
at his/her own expense for the purpose of conducting a further physical 
examination for the same purpose of the physical examination made by the 
physician employed by the Company.  A copy of the findings of the physician 
so chosen by the employee involved, shall be furnished to the Company, and 

in the event such findings verify the findings of the physician employed by 
the Company, no further medical review will be conducted. 
 
 
 
     B.   In the event the findings of the physician chosen by the employee 
involved shall disagree with the findings of the physician employed by the 
Company, the Company, at the written request of the employee involved, will 
jointly ask the two (2) physicians to agree upon and appoint a third (3rd) 
qualified, licensed and disinterested physician, for the purpose of making 
a further physical examination of the employee involved, and the findings 
of the third examining physician shall determine the disposition of the 
case and be final and binding upon the parties hereto.  The expense of the 
employment of such third (3rd) medical examiner shall be shared equally by 
the Company and the employee. 
 
 
 
SECTION 4.  Should any physical examination reveal a physical unfitness 
caused by disease, defects or disabilities of a temporary or curable 
nature, and the employee involved is willing to have the cause or causes 
treated and rectified, when in such an event, depending upon the particular 
circumstances of each case: 
 
 
 
     A.   The employee involved may continue working while undergoing 
medical treatment, if the examining physician shall certify to the 
employee's ability to safely do so. 
 
 
 
     B.   If the Doctor determines that the employee cannot return to work 
due to their medical/physical condition, the employee will be placed on 
Sick Leave. 
 
 
 
Depending on the employee's medical/physical condition, the  employee will 
be maintained on the employment rolls for a period of one (1) year.  If, 
however, competent medical authority notifies the Company, prior to the end 
of the one (1) year period, that the employee can no longer perform their 
job function, then that employee will be dropped from the employment rolls. 
 
 
 
If the employee's medical/physical status has not been  determined  at the 
end of the one (1) year period the Company shall inform  that employee that 
he/she has three (3) months in which to provide a positive determination as 
to his/her ability to return to the  work place and perform their assigned 
job.  If the employee does not return to work by the end of the three (3) 
month period, he/she will be dropped from the employment rolls. 
 
 
 
The Union will be kept appraised on a regular basis by the Company as to 
the medical/physical status. 

 
 
 
SECTION 5.  The Company shall pay the full cost of Commercial Drivers' 
License (CDL) renewals for any active employee who is required to have a 
CDL and has completed his/her probationary period. 
 
 
 
ARTICLE 6 
 
DISCIPLINE 
 
 
 
SECTION 1.  The Union agrees to do all in its power to assist the Employer 
in requiring the employees to give the Employer an honest day's work and 
abide by the rules and regulations of the Employer which are not in 
conflict with this Agreement. When Management receives an adverse report 
from any Company official or customer concerning an employee, which could 
result in disciplinary action, Management must act on the charge within 
seven (7) working days of the alleged offense or the Company 's knowledge 
of the alleged offense.  Discipline for preventable accidents shall occur 
within seven (7) working days of the determination of preventability by the 
Safety Review Board.  Working day is defined as Monday through Friday. 
 
 
 
No employee shall be discharged, suspended or otherwise disciplined, nor 
will entries be made against his/her service record without good cause. 
Employees shall be responsible for knowledge of Company rules and ignorance 
of such rules shall not be reason for a claim that disciplinary action was 
without just cause. 
 
 
 
Employees reporting off for reason of illness who are absent for three or 
more consecutive scheduled days may be required to present written evidence 
verifying the illness. 
 
 
 
Any employee who contends that he/she has been discharged, suspended or 
otherwise disciplined without "just cause" within the meaning of the 
Article, may have their case reviewed through the grievance procedure 
provided in this Agreement. 
 
 
 
SECTION 2.  Any member of the Union who is suspended or discharged from the 
service of the Company, and after investigation, is found not guilty of the 
charges on which he/she was suspended or discharged shall be reinstated and 
paid for such lost time at his/her regular rate.  If it is determined that 
the suspension or discharge was too severe for the offense he/she shall be 
reinstated and paid such amount for the lost time as may be determined to 
be just under the circumstances of the case. 
 

 
 
An employee against whom criminal charges, or complaints by Company 
officials are filed, or pending the investigation of complaints by the 
public, may be suspended with or without pay pending the outcome of said 
charge/allegation.  No employee shall be suspended, with or without pay, 
without just cause.  Should the employee be found not guilty or should such 
charges/allegations be dismissed, the employee shall be reinstated to 
include all retroactive salary and benefits (except as provided below). 
Employees so reinstated may be subject to disciplinary action in accordance 
with the Labor Agreement.  If, however, an employee has been suspended 
without pay for a time period exceeding sixty (60) days and the case has 
not been resolved, the employee shall be required to make a good faith 
effort to mitigate his/her loss of wages beginning with the 61st day. 
Additionally, any back pay award will be subject to the ordinary deductions 
for interim earnings beginning with the 61st day.  An employee suspended 
without pay will be required to pay for his employee benefits while 
suspended.  These payments will be computed by the Company and provided to 
the employee in writing and will indicate the date due.  Should the 
employee be found guilty of the criminal charges, the employee must notify 
the General Manager of the conviction no later than 5 days after such 
conviction.  Failure to notify the General Manager may be grounds for 
discharge.  Upon notification of an employee’s conviction, the General 
Manager shall determine the proper action to be taken in accordance with 
the Labor Agreement. 
 
 
 
SECTION 3.  When disciplinary action involves suspension or  discharge, the 
Company will make full disclosure to the Union of all documents used to 
make the decision to assess a suspension or discharge and shall provide the 
Union with copies of same. 
 
 
 
SECTION 4.  When action of the Company involves disciplinary action, 
suspension or discharge, the Company will consider only an employee's 
record for the two(2) years prior to the date of the incident that gave 
rise to the action. 
 
 
 
SECTION 5.  When an accident occurs and it is alleged that a mechanical 
defect may have contributed to the accident, the mechanical equipment shall 
be tested by a union mechanic in the presence of a member of the Executive 
Board and a representative of Management. 
 
 
 
SECTION 6.  It is recognized that in its efforts to administer discipline 
on a fair and equitable basis, the Company uses a discipline code. 
Management agrees to discuss any changes to this Code with the Union 
Executive Board prior to implementing the changes. 
 
 
 
SECTION 7.  The Company shall implement a drug and alcohol-testing program 

as mandated by Federal agencies. Any drug and alcohol testing program shall 
include an Employee Assistance Program (EAP) aimed at rehabilitation. 
 
 
 
ARTICLE 7 
 
EMPLOYEE COMPLAINT PROCEDURES 
 
 
 
Any employee, who believes he/she has a complaint regarding the 
misapplication of written administrative policy and procedures, may proceed 
in the following manner to receive an answer or settlement of the 
complaint. 
 
 
 
SECTION 1. The employee shall present his/her complaint in writing on the 
forms provided by the Company to his/her immediate supervisor within five 
(5) working days of the incident.  If the complaint was submitted through 
the Union Executive Board, the response will be returned in the same manner 
to the employee. The immediate supervisor shall respond in writing within 
five (5) working days after receipt of the complaint. 
 
 
 
SECTION 2. Definitions for the purposes of this Article: The immediate 
supervisor for the Operations Department shall be the Human Resources 
Supervisor.  The immediate supervisor for the Maintenance Department shall 
be the Director of Maintenance. 
 
 
 
SECTION 3. (section 3 applies to Operations Department employees only). If 
the complaint is not settled satisfactorily, the employee shall present 
his/her complaint in writing on the forms provided by the Company to the 
Director of Operations within five (5) working days of receiving the 
response from the immediate supervisor. If the complaint was submitted 
through the Union Executive Board, the response will be returned in the 
same manner to the employee. The Director of Operations shall respond in 
writing within five (5) working days after receipt of the complaint. 
 
 
 
SECTION 4. If the complaint is not settled satisfactorily, the employee 
shall present his/her complaint in writing on the forms provided by the 
Company to the General Manager within five (5) working days of receiving 
the response from the immediate supervisor. If the complaint was submitted 
through the Union Executive Board, the response will be returned in the 
same manner to the employee. The General Manager shall respond in writing 
within five (5) working days after receipt of the complaint. It is 
recognized that in the case of employee complaints, if the complaint cannot 
be determined to be a grievance, the decision of the General Manager will 
be final. 
 
 

 
SECTION 5. Complaints concerning driver development & safety shall be 
submitted directly to the Driver Development and Safety supervisor.  Time 
provisions spelled out in section 1 shall apply to complaints submitted to 
the Driver Development & Safety Supervisor.  If the complaint is not 
settled satisfactorily, the employee shall present his/her complaint in 
writing on the forms provided by the Company to the General Manager within 
five (5) working days of receiving the response from the Driver Development 
& Safety Supervisor. If the complaint was submitted through the Union 
Executive Board, the response will be returned in the same manner to the 
employee. The General Manager shall respond in writing within five (5) 
working days after receipt of the complaint. It is recognized that in the 
case of employee complaints, if the complaint cannot be determined to be a 
grievance, the decision of the General Manager will be final. 
 
 
 
ARTICLE 8 
 
ARBITRATION AND GRIEVANCE PROCEDURES 
 
 
 
Any employee, to whom these conditions of employment are applicable, 
because of what he/she believes is a misapplication of the terms or intent 
of this Agreement, may proceed in the following manner to reach a 
settlement of the grievance. 
 
 
 
SECTION 1.  The employee shall present his/her grievance in writing to 
his/her immediate supervisor within five (5) working days of the alleged 
grievance.  The immediate supervisor will make every effort to resolve the 
grievance and respond in writing to the employee within five (5) working 
days after his/her receipt of the written grievance. 
 
 
 
SECTION 2.  Definitions for the purposes of this Article: The immediate 
supervisor for the Operations Department shall be the Human Resources 
Supervisor.  The immediate supervisor for the Maintenance Department shall 
be the Director of Maintenance. 
 
 
 
SECTION 3.  (section 3 applies to Operations Department employees only). 
If the grievance is not settled satisfactorily, the employee shall present 
his/her grievance in writing on the forms provided by the Company to the 
Director of Operations within five (5) working days of receiving the 
response from the immediate supervisor.  If the grievance was submitted 
through the Union Executive Board, the response will be returned in the 
same manner to the employee.  The Director of Operations shall respond in 
writing within five (5) working days after receipt of the grievance. 
 
 
 
SECTION 4.  If the decision of the supervisor is not satisfactory, the 

employee may request a meeting with the General Manager to appeal the 
decision.  The appeal must be in writing and be received by the General 
Manager within two (2) working days after the employee's receipt of the 
decision of the supervisor.  The General Manager shall meet with the 
employee.  He shall mail a written decision to the employee within five (5) 
working days after the meeting.  Within fifteen (15) days after the 
decision rendered by the General Manager, such grievance shall be 
considered resolved or arbitration shall have been demanded as set forth in 
the following sections of this Article. 
 
 
 
SECTION 5.  Grievances  concerning driver development & safety shall be 
submitted directly to the Driver Development and Safety Supervisor.  The 
provisions spelled out in section 1 shall apply to grievances submitted to 
the Driver Development & Safety Supervisor.  If the grievance is not 
settled satisfactorily, the employee shall move the grievance to Section 4. 
 
 
 
The time limits set forth herein may be extended by mutual agreement 
between the General Manager and the President of the Union Executive 
Board.  Failure of either the Company or the Union to comply with the time 
periods in either presenting grievances and/or answering grievances shall 
constitute a forfeiture of the failing party's position in the grievance. 
 
 
 
SECTION 6.  Nothing in this procedure shall prevent the Company and the 
Union Executive Board and/or employee from discussing any and all matters 
pertaining to the grievance prior to its reduction to written form. 
 
 
 
 
 
SECTION 7.   Any matter of difference between the parties hereto as to the 
final determination of any question arising under this Agreement, or any 
matter required by the terms hereof, shall be arbitrated and determined as 
follows: 
 
 
 
     A.   Any disputes between the Company and the Union or its members, 
over which they cannot agree, shall be submitted to an arbitrator. The 
arbitrator shall be selected as follows: 
 
 
 
     B.   The Federal Mediation and Conciliation Service shall name five 
(5) disinterested persons.  Of these five, the Company shall strike one 
person and the Union shall strike one person until one remains.  The one 
person remaining shall become the arbitrator.  The order in which the names 
shall be struck shall be determined by lot. 
 
 
 

SECTION 8.  The arbitration shall occur in the City of Colorado Springs, 
Colorado, at such time as may be mutually agreed upon between the parties 
and the parties shall thereafter continue to meet on every day that is 
practical for them to meet until all of the evidence and arguments have 
been received and heard.  The arbitrator shall establish rules of procedure 
not inconsistent with the terms of this Agreement, and all arbitration 
proceedings hereunder shall be conducted in the City of Colorado Springs, 
Colorado. 
 
 
 
SECTION 9.  The arbitrator shall hear all evidence and arguments on the 
points in dispute and the written decision of the arbitrator shall be final 
and binding on the parties hereto.  The parties hereto shall each share 
equally in the expenses of the arbitrator and other legitimate joint 
expenses of such arbitration. 
 
 
 
Each party shall pay its own expense incurred in preparing and presenting 
its case.  The party hereto desiring arbitration of any matter or question 
hereunder shall give the other party written notice stating its 
understanding of the question to be arbitrated.  Within five (5) days from 
receipt of such notice, the other party shall in writing, acknowledge the 
receipt hereof and state its understanding of the question to be 
arbitrated. 
 
 
 
SECTION 10.  An award to an employee who is found to have been wrongfully 
suspended or discharged shall never exceed the employee’s loss of earnings, 
which shall be determined by deducting any wages or compensation received 
by the employee from another employer during the period he/she was out of 
service due to his/her suspension or discharge from what he/she would have 
earned had he/she not been suspended or discharged. 
 
 
 
 
 
ARTICLE 9 
 
VACATIONS 
 
 
 
SECTION l.  All full time employees covered by this Agreement who have 
completed one year of continuous service with the Company out of their 
first twelve months period of employment, shall, during the following 
calendar year, be granted one (l) work week's vacation at regular pay. 
When any employee of his/her own volition, fails to work one continuous 
year out of his/her first twelve months employment with the Company, he/she 
shall not be entitled to the one-week's vacation until he/she has completed 
one full year, in working days.  If he/she is absent from work on account 
of illness, supported by a doctor's certificate when required by the 
Company, for thirty (30) days or less each year, he/she shall be entitled 
to his/her one week's vacation.  If he/she is absent on account of illness 

for a period longer than thirty  (30) days out of each year, he/she shall 
be required to make up any excess over such thirty (30) days period before 
he/she shall be entitled to one week's vacation provided in this paragraph. 
 
 
 
SECTION 2.  The vacation periods for all full time employees of the Company 
who have completed two (2) or more years of continuous service with the 
Company shall be governed by the following rules, to wit: 
 
 
 
     A.   Two (2) weeks vacation shall be granted each year to a full time 
employee who has two (2) years or more of continuous active service. 
 
 
 
     B.   Three (3) weeks vacation shall be granted each year to a full 
time employee who has five (5) years or more of continuous active service. 
 
 
 
     C.   Four (4) weeks vacation shall be granted each year to a full time 
employee who has twelve (l2) years or more of continuous active service. 
 
 
 
     D.   Five (5) weeks vacation shall be granted each year to a full time 
employee who has twenty (20) years or more of continuous active service. 
 
 
 
Full time employees shall be granted vacation allowances as follows: 
 
 
 
Regular run operators shall receive vacation allowances on the basis of 
regular run pay.  Regular run pay is defined as, Platform Time, plus Report 
and Turn?In Time at the straight time rate. 
 
 
 
Extra Board operators shall receive vacation allowances on the basis of 
forty (40) hours per week. 
 
 
 
Maintenance Department personnel shall receive vacation allowances on the 
basis of forty (40) hours per week. 
 
 
 
Full time Information Clerks shall be granted vacation allowances on the 
basis of thirty two and one half (32 1/2) hours per week. 
 
Terminal Maintenance and Building Maintenance Employees shall be granted 
vacation allowances on the basis of forty (40) hours per week. 

 
SECTION 3.  All full time employees must work a minimum of 1400 hours each 
calendar year in order to qualify for vacation, except full time 
Information Clerks who must work 1100 hours each calendar year. 
 
 
 
SECTION 4.  It is further agreed that any employee who, through continuity 
of service, has earned vacation time shall be permitted to select that 
earned vacation period on a seniority basis.  Seniority shall be determined 
by date of employment with the Company.  Vacation assignments shall be 
scheduled by the Company on a calendar year basis with selection for such 
beginning on or about November l5.  Employees will select and vote for 
vacations for the ensuing year.  Vacation selection will be divided into 
five (5) groups; Operators, Mechanics, Terminal and Ground Maintenance, 
Utility, and Information Clerks. 
 
 
 
SECTION 5.  Vacation votes for full time operators will be posted November 
1St, each year. Voting will begin on November l5th and continue until 
completed. A minimum of three (3) operators will be posted to vote in each 
24?hour period. Twenty?four (24) hour periods will begin at 9:00 AM. 
Employees will not be posted to vote on Saturday, Sunday or Holidays. 
Votes not taken during their assigned days will be voted at the end of the 
24?hour period by Management and a designated Union representative. 
 
 
 
SECTION 6.  Vacation votes in the Maintenance Department will be posted 
November 1st of each year.  Voting based on Company seniority, will begin 
on or about November 15th and continue until completed.  Voting will be 
scheduled one employee every 24 hours, not including Saturday, Sunday or 
Holidays.  There will be two vacation votes, one for mechanics and one for 
utility.  Employees not voting in their assigned period will be passed and 
not allowed to select a vacation period until the lowest seniority employee 
has voted.  Employees not available during their voting periods may leave 
their choice with a Shop Representative. 
 
 
 
SECTION 7.  Vacation votes for full time Information Clerks will be posted 
November 1st of each year.  Voting based on company seniority, will begin 
on or about November 15th and continue until completed.  The Company 
reserves the right to exclude certain weeks during the year for voting on 
vacations due to workplace needs.  No more than one (1) person within each 
classification will be allowed on vacation at any time.  Voting will be 
scheduled one employee every 24 hours, not including Saturday, Sunday, or 
Holidays.  Employees not voting in their assigned period will be passed and 
not allowed to select a vacation period until the lowest seniority employee 
has voted.  Employees not available during their voting periods may leave 
their choice with the General Manager or his designee. 
 
 
 
SECTION 8.  At the completion of a vacation vote, all weeks not voted will 
be blacked out.  Should any employee leave the employment of the Company 

with vacation on the books, then the open weeks as a result of the 
employment termination will be open for bid to all employees with seniority 
below that of the terminated employee. 
 
 
 
SECTION 9.  New full time employees completing their first year of 
employment will select their vacation period on or after their employment 
anniversary date.  New full time employees completing their second year of 
employment will select their first week anytime during the calendar year, 
and their second week on or after their employment anniversary date.  After 
a full time employee has completed two years service, he/she may select 
his/her vacation period on a calendar year basis.  Any vacation time due 
during the term of this Agreement shall be taken by the above method.  No 
full time employee may receive pay in lieu of a vacation, except a full 
time employee who has been off thirty (30) consecutive days because of a 
bona fide illness, may be allowed to work his/her vacation. 
 
 
 
 
 
SECTION 10.  Upon termination for any reason and after one year of service, 
the full time employee shall be paid for accrued vacation not taken.  After 
the first year of service, vacation will accrue at the rate of one?twelfth 
(l/l2) of the applicable annual vacation for each month in which the 
employee has worked more than one?half of the working days in that month, 
excluding vacation and holiday time. 
 
 
 
SECTION 11.  Providing a request is made in writing, seven (7) days in 
advance of the beginning of a vacation period, vacation pay will be issued 
on the Thursday prior to the vacation period. 
 
 
 
SECTION 12.  Full time employees will be allowed to trade weeks of 
vacation.  The intention to trade vacation weeks, shall be submitted to 
Management in writing at least two weeks in advance of the first day of the 
vacation period involved, for final approval.  Weeks of vacation will not 
be traded between Departments. Employees will be allowed to trade a voted 
week for a blacked out week provided the trade is submitted to the Company 
in writing at least two weeks in advance of the first day of the vacation 
period involved. 
 
 
 
SECTION 13.  At the time of the annual vacation vote per this article, any 
full time employee may designate two weeks (ten, eight hour days) of their 
vacation time, to be taken one or two days at a time during the following 
year.  At the time of the annual vote, full time employees may select these 
days in seniority order.  After the annual vote, selection of these days is 
on a first come, first served basis. Management requires 24 hours notice 
for the one-day of vacation and five working days notice if two days are 
requested at the same time.  Vacation days off under these provisions will 
be granted consistent with operational necessity.  One?half day or a 

portion thereof of OTR (time off without pay), may be granted to an 
employee consistent with operational needs regardless of the fact that the 
employee may have single day vacation time remaining on the books.  A whole 
day of OTR, however, will not be granted to employees who have single day 
vacation time or Personal Holiday time remaining on the books. 
 
 
 
ARTICLE 10 
 
HOLIDAY PAY 
 
 
 
SECTION 1.  The Company agrees to pay eight (8) hours straight time to all 
full time employees (except full time Information Clerks who shall receive 
six and one half (6 1/2) hours at straight pay) covered by this Agreement 
who are on active duty status on the following seven (7) holidays: New 
Years Day, Easter Sunday, Memorial Day, Independence Day, Labor Day, 
Thanksgiving Day and Christmas Day.  Employees working a 4?day work week 
will receive Holiday Pay in the following manner; ten (10) hours of Holiday 
Pay if the holiday falls on a scheduled workday, or eight (8) hours of 
Holiday Pay if the holiday falls on a regular day off (RDO).  In order to 
qualify for holiday pay, the employee may not be absent from his/her 
assigned work immediately preceding and following the holiday unless he/she 
is on vacation, has been excused in writing by the Employer or is absent 
due to a confirmed illness. 
 
SECTION 2.  In addition to the aforementioned holiday pay, the Company 
agrees to pay time and one?half for all work actually performed on said 
seven (7) holidays. 
 
 
 
SECTION 3.  Should any of the above seven (7) holidays fall on a Sunday, 
with the exception of Easter Sunday, the following Monday will be 
recognized as the holiday for Holiday Pay purpose. 
 
 
 
ARTICLE 11 
 
PERSONAL HOLIDAY 
 
 
 
SECTION l.  Each full time employee shall receive two (2) Personal Holidays 
each calendar year.  Employees will receive either six and one half (6 
1/2), eight (8) or ten (10) hours Holiday pay, (depending upon their work 
schedule), at straight time for this day.  Requests for these holidays, 
will be verbal to the Director of Operations (for Information Clerks), 
Dispatcher or Maintenance Manager, whichever is applicable, at least 
twenty?four (24) hours prior to the request date.  Since approval or 
disapproval will be given at the time of the request, seniority will not be 
a consideration for approval.  Management will determine the number of 
employees to be off duty on Personal Holidays on any given day. 
 

 
 
SECTION 2.  Employees who are on extended sick leave for a period of more 
than thirty (30) consecutive days will not be eligible for Personal Holiday 
pay during the period they are on sick leave. 
 
 
 
ARTICLE 12 
 
BIRTHDAY PAY 
 
 
 
SECTION l.  In addition to the seven-(7) holidays, each full time employee 
shall receive Holiday Pay for his/her birthday in the following manner. 
 
 
 
SECTION 2.  When an employee's birthday falls on his/her day off, or during 
a period of extended illness of less than thirty one (31) days, that 
employee shall be paid eight (8) hours Birthday Pay (except full time 
Information Clerks who shall be paid six and one half (6 1/2) hours). 
Employees who are on Extended Sick Leave for thirty?one (31) or more 
consecutive days and receiving accrued sick leave benefits will not be 
eligible for Birthday Pay. 
 
 
 
     A.   If an employee's birthday falls on a day during his/her scheduled 
vacation period, he/she shall be paid eight (8) hours Birthday Pay in 
addition to his/her vacation pay. 
 
     B.   If an employee's birthday falls on any of the above seven (7) 
holidays, he/she shall be paid Birthday Pay in addition to the Holiday 
Pay. 
 
 
 
     C.   If an employee's birthday falls on a day which he/she is paid for 
attending a funeral, or serving on jury duty, he/she shall be paid Birthday 
Pay in addition to any other pay which he/she might receive. 
 
 
 
SECTION 3.  Where an employee's birthday falls on his/her regular scheduled 
work day he/she will be scheduled OTR for that day and receive six and one 
half (6 1/2) hours, eight (8) hours or ten (10) hours, (depending upon 
his/her work schedule), Birthday Pay. 
 
 
 
SECTION 4.   In the interest of efficient public service and when agreeable 
between the employee and Company, the employee may work on his/her birthday 
and receive Birthday Pay in addition to regular pay and shall be given a 
day off at a time suitable to the employee and the Company. 
 

 
 
ARTICLE 13 
 
INSURANCE BENEFITS 
 
 
 
SECTION l.  The Company agrees to continue to provide for full time 
employees covered by this Agreement, all insurance benefits now enjoyed by 
such employees until and unless changed by mutual consent.  All benefits 
for new full time employees shall begin on the first day of the month 
following their ninety (90) days probation period. 
 
 
 
SECTION 2.  The Company agrees to participate in the cost of the medical 
insurance offered to full time employees.  The Company agrees to contribute 
eighty eight (88) percent of the premium cost for coverage selected by the 
employee. 
 
 
 
SECTION 3.  The Company agrees to participate in the cost of two (2) Group 
Dental Plans.  Full time employees will have their choice of a Dental Plan 
from Denticare or the Prudential.  For Dental coverage the Company agrees 
to contribute sixty five (65) percent toward the monthly premium for 
coverage selected by the employee. 
 
 
 
SECTION 4.  The Company agrees to provide $20,000 in Group Life Insurance 
for each full time employee and $2,500 Life Insurance on an  employee's 
spouse and each child, age 6 months through 19 (23 if  a full time 
student), provided the employee signs for dependent coverage.  A Long Term 
Disability Plan is also provided for all employees.  New employees will not 
be eligible to receive a disability benefit during the first three (3) 
months of their coverage.  This benefit will be based on 60% of the 
employee’s gross salary for a period of up to 36 months.  Eligibility for 
receiving this benefit will not commence until the 31st day of illness or 
disability.  The Company will pay eighty-two (82) percent of the premium 
cost for Group Life Insurance and long-term Disability coverage. 
Disability coverage and Group Life Insurance is mandatory for all 
employees. 
 
 
 
SECTION 5.  New full time employees engaged by the Company shall not be 
eligible to participate in the above long-term Disability program until 
after they have completed six months of employment. 
 
 
 
ARTICLE 14 
 
RETIREMENT PLAN 
 

 
 
SECTION 1.  The Pension Plan currently in effect will be continued. The 
contributions to the Plan will be three percent (3%) of gross salary per 
month by each eligible employee and five and one?half percent (5-1/2%) of 
the gross salary of each eligible employee per month by the Company. 
 
 
 
SECTION 2. The Company and the Union agree that the Pension Board 
established in the plan document shall meet and review the existing pension 
plan annually at a time permitting utilization of the annual actuarial 
report.  One of the intents of the review shall be to consider improving 
plan benefits while keeping the plan financially sound. 
 
 
 
ARTICLE 15 
 
SICK LEAVE 
 
 
 
SECTION l.  All full time employees hired after January 1, 1993 and 
employees who have sick leave accumulation of less than sixty two (62) days 
as of January 1, 1993 and who work fifty percent (50%) or more of their 
allotted working days in each month shall accumulate one day (8 hours or 6 
1/2 hours for full time Information Clerks) sick leave per month up to a 
total of sixty two (62) days. 
 
 
 
All employees hired before January 1, 1993 who have sick leave accumulation 
of more than sixty two (62) days as of January 1, 1993 and who work fifty 
percent (50%) or more of their allotted working days in each month shall 
accumulate one day (8 hours) sick leave per month up to a maximum of their 
sick leave bank as of January 1, 1993.  Each of these employees may not 
earn sick leave in excess of the total amount of his/her sick leave bank as 
of January 1, 1993. 
 
 
 
SECTION 2.  Operators reporting off the sick list should do so prior to 
1:00 PM in order to return to work the following day.  Operators reporting 
off the sick list for work on Monday should do so prior to 1:00 PM on 
Saturday.  Operators on the sick list at 1:00 PM on Saturday will be 
carried as sick on the following Monday.  Operators are required to report 
sick to the Dispatcher. When the Dispatcher is not on duty the operator may 
report sick to the Shop Working Foreman.  Operators may not report sick to 
the Security Guard.  Operators may not report off the sick list to the Shop 
Working Foreman or the Security Guard. 
 
 
 
SECTION 3.  Employees not using any sick leave during a twelve-(12) 
consecutive month period, will receive one (1) additional Personal Holiday 
that must be taken within the next twelve (12) months.  After a Personal 

Holiday has been earned, a new twelve-month period is necessary for 
additional Personal Holidays. 
 
 
 
SECTION 4.  In the event an employee terminates employment for any reason 
and has sick leave accumulated, the sick leave is not paid except when an 
employee retires on early, normal or disability retirement as defined in 
the Pension Plan Document.  In that event only, the accumulated sick leave 
up to a maximum of 496 hours or 403 hours as appropriate (62 days) will be 
paid to employees hired after January 1, 1993 or employees hired prior to 
that date who have a sick leave accumulation of less than sixty two (62) 
days in their sick leave bank as of January 1, 1993. 
 
 
 
All employees hired before January 1, 1993 who have sick leave accumulation 
of more than sixty two (62) days (496 or 403 hours) as of January 1, 1993 
will have their sick leave paid at retirement as follows.  Those employees 
with sick leave banks in excess of ninety six (96) days (768 or 624 hours) 
shall be paid his/her accumulated sick leave on retirement or a maximum of 
96 days (768 or 624 hours) whichever is less.  Those employees hired before 
January 1, 1993 who have sick leave accumulation of more than 62 days (496 
or 403 hours) but less than 96 days (768 or 624 hours) on January 1, 1993 
shall be paid their accumulated sick leave on retirement or a maximum of 
their accumulated sick leave as of January 1, 1993 whichever is less. 
 
 
 
SECTION 5.  Married male employees may be granted a maximum of three (3) 
days sick leave when their spouse gives birth. 
 
 
 
SECTION 6.  Extended sick leave is defined as "off sick" for more than 30 
consecutive days. 
 
 
 
SECTION 7.  Employees who are on Extended Sick Leave, will be maintained on 
the employment rolls for a period of twelve (12) months as long as the 
employees make regular monthly contributions to their employee benefits 
(benefits that require employee contributions).  If, however, a competent 
medical authority notifies the Company, prior to the end of the twelve (12) 
month period, that the employee can no longer perform his/her job function, 
then the employee will be dropped from the employment rolls. 
 
 
 
If the employee's medical/physical status has not been determined at the 
end of the twelve (12) month period the Company shall inform  that employee 
that he/she has three (3) months in which to provide a positive 
determination as to their ability to return to the work  place and perform 
his/her assigned job. If the employee does not return to work by the end of 
the three (3) month period that employee will be dropped from the 
employment rolls. 
 

 
 
The Union will be kept appraised on a regular basis by the Company as to 
the medical/physical status of that employee. 
 
 
 
SECTION 8.  The Sick Leave Performance Code currently in effect will be 
continued, until and unless, changed by mutual consent. 
 
 
 
SECTION 9.  Full time employees who become eligible for benefits under the 
Long Term Disability Plan as described in Article 13, Section 4 or injured 
and covered under Worker's Compensation, will not have the option to draw 
against their accumulated sick leave in addition to these other benefits. 
 
 
 
ARTICLE 16 
 
COURT TIME ALLOWANCE 
 
 
 
SECTION l.  No full time employee covered under this Agreement shall suffer 
loss in regular pay as a result of the following conditions: 
 
 
 
     A.   Requirement to appear as a witness in any case concerning the 
Company. 
 
 
 
     B.   Requirement to appear as a witness in any case observed by an 
employee while on duty. 
 
 
 
     C.   Summoned by a court to appear for jury duty. 
 
 
 
Court time allowance shall equal no more than actual work time lost.  Court 
time allowance shall be compensated at the overtime rate only to the extent 
such time allowances coincide with scheduled overtime. 
 
 
 
SECTION 2.  In order to qualify for court time allowances, employees after 
hearing of their requirement to a court, must immediately notify the 
Company. 
 
 
 
ARTICLE 17 

 
FUNERAL ATTENDANCE PAY 
 
 
 
SECTION 1.  All full time employees shall be allowed time off from their 
regular work assignment without loss of pay, not to exceed five  (5) 
consecutive working days within a seven (7) consecutive calendar day 
period, which must contain the day of the funeral and the time off. 
 
 
 
This time off is for the purpose of attending the funeral or attending to 
matters relating to a deceased member of his/her or the spouse's immediate 
family.  Immediate family is defined as, spouse, father, mother, child, 
brother or sister.  Grandparents of the employee only will be included as 
immediate family under this Article.  In order to qualify for funeral 
attendance pay, employees, after learning of the death, must immediately 
notify the Company. 
 
 
 
Employees who are receiving vacation pay, sick pay, or on extended sick 
leave, during a period covered by this Article will not be eligible to 
receive additional pay or time off as described in this Article. 
 
 
 
ARTICLE 18 
 
PASSES 
 
 
 
SECTION l.  Employees and spouses shall receive Passes entitling them to 
free transportation on all buses operated by the Company. 
 
 
 
ARTICLE 19 
 
LEAVE OF ABSENCE 
 
 
 
SECTION 1.  Any employee desiring leave of absence from his/her employment 
shall secure written permission from the employer, with the acknowledgment 
of the Local Union.  The maximum leave of absence shall be for ninety (90) 
calendar days, without loss of  seniority.  During the period of absence, 
the employee shall not engage in gainful employment without prior 
permission from the  employer.   Failure to secure permission can result in 
dismissal of the employee involved. 
 
 
 
The determination as to the number of persons who may be granted a leave of 
absence at any one time, is vested solely with the employer.  The purpose 

of this section is to provide a leave of absence for a legitimate reason, 
such as emergency or  hardship, not simply for personal convenience.   A 
leave of absence for this section is defined as any time in excess of five 
(5) consecutive working days. 
 
 
 
SECTION 2.  The employer agrees to grant the necessary and reasonable time 
off, without discrimination or loss of seniority rights and without pay, to 
those employees designated by the Union to participate in any official 
Union business, provided  forty?eight (48) hours written notice is given to 
the employer by the Union specifying length of time off.  The Union agrees 
that in making its request for time off for Union activities, due 
consideration shall be given  to the number of employees affected in order 
that there shall be no disruption of the employer's operation due to lack 
of available employees. 
 
 
 
 
 
SECTION 3.  A leave of absence will be granted female employees  for the 
purpose of giving birth.  This leave will not exceed  ninety (90) calendar 
days.  During this leave of absence the  employee will be eligible for sick 
pay, up to the maximum that employee has accumulated. 
 
 
 
ARTICLE 20 
 
REDUCTION IN PERSONNEL, RE?EMPLOYMENT 
 
 
 
SECTION l.  When reductions in the Operations Department are ordered by the 
Company, employees will be laid off in reverse order of their seniority. 
 
 
 
SECTION 2.  When reductions in the Maintenance Department are ordered by 
the Company, they will be laid off in reverse order of their seniority. 
 
 
 
In the event of force reduction in any particular classification, the 
junior employee in that classification will be allowed to displace a junior 
employee in another classification, providing the employee can qualify in 
that classification. 
 
 
 
SECTION 3.  When reductions in the Information Clerks are ordered by the 
Company, they will be laid off in reverse order of their seniority. 
 
 
 
SECTION 4.  Employees laid off due to lack of work will be allowed 

re?employment in other classifications over outside applicants, if 
qualified. 
 
 
 
SECTION 5.  All employees laid off by reason of force reduction may retain 
their seniority by keeping on file with the Company, their home address. 
Failure to report for duty ten (l0) days after notice of recall has been 
sent by registered mail to the last address, shall automatically cancel 
seniority and sever relations with the Company; it being understood that if 
an employee is recalled for temporary work, he shall not lose his seniority 
or sever relations with the Company if he does not report for duty. 
 
 
 
SECTION 6.  At the termination of service with the Company,  employees 
will, upon request, be given a certificate showing term of service and 
capacity in which employed. 
 
 
 
SECTION 7.  Employees covered by this Agreement who enter the Armed Forces 
of the United States, under the Selective Service Act, or under any 
Government request or order, shall retain and accumulate seniority during 
the period of such service, provided they return to the employ of the 
Company within ninety (90) days from the time of their honorable discharge 
from such service. 
 
 
 
ARTICLE 21 
 
INTER?DEPARTMENTAL TRANSFERS 
 
 
 
SECTION 1.  It is recognized that from time to time vacancies occur within 
the Operations and Maintenance Departments which offer the opportunity for 
company employees to either move to a new position within an existing 
department, ie: Maintenance or to move from one department to another, ie: 
from Maintenance to Operations or vice versa.  The following general rules 
will apply in these situations. 
 
 
 
     A.   Any employee who gives notice to Management of his/her desire to 
transfer to another department will be provided notice by Management of any 
future vacancies in the desired department. 
 
 
 
     B.   If an employee desiring to transfer to another department meets 
the minimum job requirements for the vacant position as defined in this 
article, that employee will be given priority over outside applicants. 
 
 
 

SECTION 2.  When a vacancy shall be determined to exist within the 
Maintenance Department among the staff of mechanics, or when it is found to 
be desirable to add an additional mechanic position, such vacancy or 
addition shall first be attempted to be filled from the ranks of 
Maintenance employees in lower classifications on the basis of seniority, 
providing employees of sufficient ability and qualifications are available 
for that purpose. 
 
 
 
Applicants from a lower classification applying for the position of 
Semi-Skilled Mechanic, the initial mechanic job classification, must 
qualify for consideration by passing a mechanical aptitude test.  This test 
will be administered jointly by the Director of Maintenance and the Union 
Shop Steward.  Further, to qualify for consideration to appointment as a 
Semi-Skilled Mechanic, the applicant must be in possession of a basic tool 
kit. 
 
 
 
All vacancy bidding shall be posted for a period of five (5) working days. 
During this period Maintenance Department employees in lower 
classifications may bid for the vacancy according to their job 
classification seniority. 
 
 
 
 
 
SECTION 3. If no Maintenance Department employees in lower classifications 
are determined to be eligible to fill a mechanic position, then a vacancy 
bidding shall be posted for a period of five (5) working days during which 
period Operations Department employees may bid on according to their job 
classification seniority.  Applicants from the Operations Department are 
also required to pass above stated mechanical aptitude test and be in 
possession of a basic tool kit, listed in Appendix A of this Agreement.  An 
employee transferring from the Operations Department to the Maintenance 
Department will be paid during his/her probation period at the Step 1 rate 
for the job classification he/she is entering as defined in the Agreement. 
 
 
 
SECTION 4.  When an employee of the Maintenance Department  makes known to 
Management that he/she desires to transfer to the Operations Department, 
and is subsequently accepted for a position vacancy in the Operations 
Department, his/her transfer will be governed by the following rules: 
 
 
 
     A.   Employee will be required to attend and successfully complete the 
Bus Operators' Training Course and demonstrate acceptable on-the-job skills 
in actual revenue service. 
 
 
 
     B.   Said employee will be paid during the operator training period at 
the entry level of the Bus Operator pay range. Once training is completed, 

the employee will receive the normal salary step increases for bus 
operators as defined in the Agreement. 
 
 
 
C.                                         The former Maintenance 
Department employee transferring to the Operations Department shall retain 
all his/her present benefits and his/her Employment Seniority as it relates 
to voting for vacation and number of weeks allowed. He/she shall also 
remain a member of the Amalgamated Transit Union, Local # 19 during his/her 
probationary period and will continue to be authorized access to the Union 
Grievance Process. 
 
 
 
SECTION 5.  Any employee promoted or advanced by inter-department transfer 
under the provisions of Section 2, 3, or 4 of this Article shall be given 
not more than sixty (60) days within which to demonstrate on-the-job 
qualification.  In the event that Management makes the decision that an 
employee has failed to qualify as a successful bus operator or Maintenance 
employee within such period, said employee shall revert back to his/her 
former job classification without loss of seniority. 
 
 
 
ARTICLE 22 
 
EMPLOYEE CAFETERIA PLAN 
 
 
 
SECTION 1.  An IRS Section 125 Plan also known as an Employee Cafeteria 
Plan allowing participating employees' costs of premium only benefits to be 
deducted from their gross pay prior to the calculation and deduction of 
Federal Withholding Taxes and FICA Taxes will be implemented during the 
term of this Agreement.  The initial implementation of the Employee 
Cafeteria Plan will take place within the payroll period beginning February 
3, 1992. 
 
 
 
 
 
ARTICLE 23 
 
INCENTIVE AWARDS 
 
 
 
SECTION 1.  Revenue Increase: The Union and the Company agree to use their 
best efforts to achieve the mutual objective of maximizing revenue and 
productivity.  As a service industry, the safety and good will of the 
general public, especially the customers of Springs Transit, are of primary 
importance.  It is the responsibility of each employee to recognize the 
passenger as a valued customer and to accommodate him in every way possible 
to assure continued patronage.  As a result, both parties have agreed to 
implement an incentive program to encourage and reward employees for their 

efforts in ensuring the growth and revenue expansion of the system. 
 
 
 
Lump sum incentives shall be paid annually.  A five (5%) percent increase 
in revenue per hour compared to the amount anticipated in the budget shall 
result in an award to the employees on the following schedule: 
 
 
 
     Full-time employees          $100 
 
     Part time employees          $ 50 
 
 
 
The incentives shall be paid upon the completion of the year beginning at 
the end of 1993 and as soon as relevant performance statistics are 
available. 
 
 
 
SECTION 2.  Attendance: In order to promote increased productivity through 
improved attendance, the Company will grant awards to all employees who 
maintain a perfect record of attendance and reporting on time.  In order to 
qualify for this award, the employee must report to work on time and 
perform all work assignments. Employees who accumulate more than four (4) 
hours of OTR and/or more than two (2) occurrences of OTR during the 
calendar year, or are absent for any reason other than holidays, (as 
defined in Articles 10, 11 and 12) vacations, leave for official Union 
business, military duty, jury duty or funeral leave shall not be eligible 
for awards. 
 
 
 
Any employee having a perfect record of attendance for each half of the 
year shall receive a lump sum bonus of seventy-five ($ 75) dollars for each 
half-year period in which a perfect record of attendance is attained.  The 
bonus will be paid in the  second pay period commencing after the 
completion of each half of the year beginning after July 1, 1993. 
 
 
 
SECTION 3.  Safety: In order to promote increased productivity through 
improved safety, the Company will grant an award to all employees who avoid 
preventable accidents.  Determination of preventability shall be made by 
the Safety Board.  Any employee completing each half of the year without a 
preventable accident shall receive a lump sum bonus of fifty ($ 50) 
dollars.  The bonus will be paid in the  second pay period commencing after 
the completion of each half of the year beginning after July 1, 1993. 
 
 
 
SECTION 4.  The employee must be an active employee of the Company during 
the entire year in order to qualify for the awards. 
 
 

 
ARTICLE 24 
 
SAFETY REVIEW BOARD 
 
 
 
SECTION 1.  A Safety Review Board shall be established to review all 
accidents/incidents and appeals by employees.  The purpose of this Board 
shall be to establish the preventability of an accident and eligibility for 
a Safety Award.  The Company, not the Board, determines appropriate 
discipline for operators having accidents. Safety Awards presented by the 
Company will be for the cumulative total of years. 
 
 
 
SECTION 2.  The Safety Review Board shall operate as follows: 
 
Membership - The Safety Review Board shall meet monthly for the purpose of 
reviewing all accident reports and considering all safety concerns unless 
the Chairperson determines a meeting is not necessary.  The date and time 
shall be determined by the Chairperson of the Board. 
 
 
 
The Human Resources Supervisor shall serve on the Safety Review Board as 
Chairperson in a non-voting capacity.  There shall be two Union 
representatives (one operator and one mechanic), two Company 
representatives, and a safety professional mutually agreed upon by the 
Union and the Company. 
 
 
 
The Union and the Company shall each appoint one alternate member to serve 
in the event of absence or in the event an accident involving a safety 
board member comes before the board.  The affected member does not 
participate as a voting member for their own accident. 
 
 
 
The Chairperson shall establish an agenda for each meeting and shall 
provide each member a copy of the agenda, together with a copy of all 
accident reports the Board is to review.  The agenda and copies of reports 
to be reviewed shall be provided to the members of the Board in advance of 
the scheduled meeting. 
 
 
 
Non Advocate Position - Members of the Board shall not be advocates for the 
positions of their appointing parties.  Each member of the Board shall act 
in an impartial and objective manner with regard to considering facts and 
rendering his/her vote. 
 
 
 
Confidentially - All accidents reviewed and discussed by the Board are 
confidential and are not to be discussed with persons outside the Board. 

No copies of any reports shall be made by any member of the Board without 
permission from the Chairperson.  After the review by the Board, all 
reports shall be promptly returned to the Chairperson. 
 
 
 
Voting By Members - Voting shall take place after a complete discussion of 
each accident report.  The Union and Company members will render their vote 
by secret ballot to the Chairperson of the Board.  Only if there is a tie 
will the impartial fifth member (the Safety professional) vote. 
 
 
 
In no event will the nature of the vote be revealed nor will the impartial 
member reveal whether or not it was necessary for them to vote.  The only 
information revealed will be the statement by the Chairperson as to whether 
the accident was judged to be preventable. 
 
 
 
Any level of discipline that may or may not be taken by the Company as a 
result of the adjudication of a preventable accident shall not be 
considered by the Board in their decision making process.  The 
responsibility and authority for taking any such action rests solely with 
the Company. 
 
 
 
Decision Of The Safety Review Board And Appeals - Once a decision is made 
by the Board, the employee shall be notified in writing by the Chairperson 
that the accident was judged Preventable.  The employee shall have the 
right to appeal the decision of the Board and request that they reconsider 
their decision.  This request for appeal shall be provided in writing to 
the Chairperson and shall be accomplished within five (5) working days from 
notification of the decision by the Board. 
 
 
 
The decision of the Safety Review Board after an appeal, if there is one, 
shall be final and binding and not subject to the grievance procedure as 
described in this Labor Agreement. 
 
 
 
SECTION 3.  This Board shall make recommendations to the Company relative 
to safe working conditions and practices. 
 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO OPERATORS 
 
 
 
ARTICLE 25 
 
WAGES ? OPERATORS 
 
 
 

SECTION 1.  The wages of all operators covered by this Agreement shall be 
as follows: 
 
 
 
     All operators in training:   $7.50 
 
 
 
     After completion of training:  (Hourly Rates) 
 
 
 
                                        EFFECTIVE DATES 
 
                        January 1 January 1 January 1 January 1 
 
                        1999      2000      2001      2002 
 
 
 
1st 12 months            10.20     10.61     11.03     11.49 
 
2nd 12 months            11.32     11.73     12.15     12.61 
 
3rd 12 months            12.37     12.78     13.20     13.66 
 
After 36 months         13.55     13.96     14.38     14.84 
 
 
 
 
 
SECTION 2.  At the completion of each "step", the subsequent pay increase 
will become effective at the beginning of the next  payroll period. 
 
 
 
Section 3.  Part time bus operators will be employed. They have no 
seniority rights on the full time operator seniority list, regardless of 
length of service, and should there be a lack of sufficient work, part time 
operators will be laid off before full time operators.  A separate 
seniority list shall be maintained for part time operators.  Retired full 
time bus operators will be given first consideration for part time bus 
operator openings. Part time operators shall not receive any of the 
benefits described in this Agreement. 
 
 
 
Part time bus operators shall only be assigned work that is unassigned or 
vacant from the full time bus operator vote. Part time operators will vote 
on the posted part time work and shall not be allowed to sign on any 
accumulation of work that exceeds twenty seven (27) hours in a work week. 
Part time operator votes shall take place at least every three (3) months. 
On weekdays, part time operators shall be assigned only pieces of work of 
five (5) hours or less duration.  They may be assigned any open work on 
weekends.  Part time operators may work in excess of the weekly and piece 

of work maximums described above as long as no full time operator who 
desires the work is denied work as a result of the assignment to the part 
time operator.  Part time operators shall not exceed fifteen percent (15%) 
of the full time bus operator work force rounded up to the next highest 
whole number. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
ARTICLE 26 
 
OPERATOR'S TIME ALLOWANCES 
 
 
 
SECTION 1.  It is recognized that some Operations Department employees are 
currently on a ten (10) hour per day, four (4) day work week, and some 
employees are on an eight (8) hour per day,  five (5) day work week.  As 
long as this condition exists it is  understood that the following time 
allowances that apply to an eight (8) hour per day, five (5) day work week, 
also apply to a ten (10) hour per day, four (4) day work week. 
 
 
 
SECTION 2.  In order to assure scheduled service, all operators scheduled 
to pull a bus out of the garage will be required to show up fifteen (15) 
minutes in advance of such Pull?Out Time to prepare their vehicle for 
service, and operators relieving on the line will be required to show up at 
their Posted time. 
 
 
 
All operators will be allowed fifteen (15) minutes for each  Pull?Out.  All 
Operators will be allowed a five (5) minute Turn?In  Time for each time 
they pull a bus into the Garage.  All Operators  shall receive a minimum of 
one (1) five (5) minute turn?in per day.  This Report Time and Turn?In Time 
is considered work time and shall  be paid at the rate of time and one?half 
if the day's work exceeds eight (8) hours for a five (5) day work week, or 
(10) hours for a four (4) day work week. 
 
 
 
It is recognized that the fifteen (15) minute Report Time will be used to 
conduct a Pre?trip Inspection of the bus assigned to the operator on all 
pull?outs from the Garage.  The five (5) minute Turn?In time  will be used 
to conduct a Post?trip Inspection by all operators who return a bus from 
revenue service to the Garage. 
 
 
 
SECTION 3.  Time and one-half shall be paid for all work performed in 
excess of eight (8) hours per day for employees scheduled for a five (5) 

day work week.  Time and one-half shall be paid for all work performed in 
excess of ten (10) hours per day for employees scheduled for a four (4) day 
work week.  Report and Turn-in Time as defined in Section 2 is considered 
work time. 
 
 
 
SECTION 4.  Any Extra Board operator or voted ten (10) hour split run 
exceeding thirteen (13) hours total time in any one day   shall receive 
$.40 per hour or fraction of an hour for Spread Time exceeding the thirteen 
(13) hour time limit. 
 
 
 
SECTION 5.  Any break of thirty (30) minutes or less in a regularly 
assigned voted run will be paid at the regular rate.  Any voted run with 
breaks of thirty (30) minutes or less shall be considered straight runs. 
 
 
 
SECTION 6.  All Extra Board operators shall be guaranteed a minimum of 
forty (40) hours per week including "Report and Turn-in Time", based on 
five (5) days availability. 
 
 
 
SECTION 7.  The Company will pay $.50 per hour to drivers for the breaking 
in of new operators for the period when the students are actually on the 
bus and set up a definite schedule for the breaking in of new operators. 
No member of the Union shall discourage qualified operators from assisting 
in the training of new operators. 
 
 
 
SECTION 8.  The Company will pay twenty (20) minutes at the hourly rate of 
pay for making out Accident/Incident Reports. 
 
 
 
SECTION 9.  No bus operator shall be required to do any sweeping or 
cleaning of buses or any other garage service. 
 
 
 
SECTION 10. When new equipment (buses) is received, the Company will insure 
that all operators are provided with training  sufficient in duration to 
insure the operator is completely familiar with the coach.  All operators 
will receive pay at their straight time rate for this training. 
 
 
 
ARTICLE 27 
 
DAYS OFF ? RUN SELECTION 
 
 
 

SECTION 1.  The voting of runs will be required when new runs are 
established or when the total pay time of voted runs are shortened  or 
lengthened more than five (5) minutes.  Otherwise the voting of all runs 
shall take place every three (3) months. 
 
 
 
SECTION 2.  Not less than fifty percent (50%) of all regular runs shall be 
straight runs.  The remaining regularly assigned runs shall be completed 
within a spread of ten and one?half (l0-l/2)  consecutive hours for an 
eight (8) hour day, and twelve and one?half (12-1/2) consecutive hours for 
a ten (10) hour day, with no more than one break. 
 
 
 
The limitation of hours may  be extended by mutual agreement  between the 
Union and the Company to avoid an excessive number of pieces going to the 
Extra Board. 
 
 
 
SECTION 3.  A list of all regular runs to be voted will be posted in a 
place available  to operators at all times for at least  forty?eight (48) 
hours in advance of the beginning of the vote for the purpose of helping 
the operators decide on their choice. The selection of runs shall be 
completed within three (3) working days.  The number of operators required 
to select runs each day, will be determined by dividing the number of 
eligible operators  into three equal, or as near equal, groups.  The 
Company will  select the dates that each group of operators will be 
required  to select their runs. 
 
 
 
SECTION 4.  The Director of Operations or his designee with the assistance 
of the Union President or his designee shall have full charge of the 
selection of runs.  On the date and time selected for the vote, the senior 
operator shall have the first vote and each operator shall follow in order 
of seniority.  Any operator not completing his/her vote within five (5) 
minutes after his/her name has been called will be passed and the next 
operator called to vote.  All operators who have been passed will be placed 
at the top of the list for the following vote group. 
 
 
 
SECTION 5.  If any operator is unable to be physically present to vote, 
such operator may make a written request for the job or  jobs desired. 
Written requests must be received by one of the officials conducting the 
vote within the time designated for the selection  of jobs.  If such 
operator makes no request as aforesaid or cannot be placed on any of the 
jobs so requested, the operator will be passed and placed at the top of the 
list for the following voting group.  At the end of the last voting group, 
all operators still in a passed status, will be assigned to the Extra 
Board, or if Extra Board is filled, will be assigned to any open run in 
reverse seniority by the Company and union designee. 
 
 
 

 
 
SECTION 6.  At the time of the regular vote, if an operator has been off 
sick for more than thirty (30) consecutive days and it cannot be determined 
that he/she will return to duty during the period  of the coming vote, then 
he/she will be passed.  If an operator, who has been off sick for more than 
thirty (30)  consecutive days, expects to return to duty during the vote 
period and provides a written  prognosis from his/her doctor confirming an 
expected date of return to work that falls during the vote period,  that 
operator will be allowed to vote.  It is the sole  responsibility of the 
operator in question to provide this documentation to Management.  If an 
operator returns to work during  a vote in which he/she was passed, the 
operator will be required to work the Extra Board, and a vote will be held 
among the Extra  Board operators to determine days off. 
 
 
 
SECTION 7.  At the time of their vote, each operator may choose to work a 
regular run, a run?around or elect to work the Extra Board.  Operators 
choosing to work a regular run or the Extra Board shall choose their days 
off at the time of their vote.  The Company will determine the number of 
Extra Board operators needed based on  their service requirements.  At the 
end of a vote, any regular  runs not voted that do not exceed the ten and 
one?half (10-1/2) hour spread time limit as defined in Article 26, Section 
2 of this Agreement, will be assigned to Extra Board operators in reverse 
order of seniority. 
 
 
 
SECTION 8.  Operators, who during the most recent selection of runs, as 
defined in Section 1 of this article, that were not  afforded the 
opportunity to select the Extra Board, will be given the opportunity to go 
to the Extra Board forcing new employees (just completing training) onto 
vacated Regular runs.  The seniority rule will apply to this process.  The 
number of Regular operators allowed to return to the Extra Board will not 
exceed the number of new operators available.  This procedure shall not 
start until all employees hired in a group have completed their training, 
and will be completed by the Wednesday proceeding the pay period it becomes 
effective.  All changes as the result of this procedure will coincide with 
the beginning of a pay period. 
 
 
 
SECTION 9.  Seniority of bus operators shall remain as at present.  A 
seniority list shall be posted and kept up to date showing each operator's 
seniority standing based on entry date in the job classification. 
 
 
 
ARTICLE 28 
 
CALL BACKS 
 
 
 
SECTION l.  Run time or Show?up time shall be paid at a minimum rate of one 
(l) hour.  A call?out between 8:00 PM and 4:00 AM shall be paid at a 

minimum rate of three (3) hours. 
 
 
 
 
 
SECTION 2.  Regular operators shall receive a minimum of two (2) hours of 
pay time for extra work, unless such extra work immediately precedes or 
succeeds a run or extra work which the operator is about to work, or is 
already working.  Extra work for regular operators shall be computed at the 
overtime rate  if applicable.  However, overtime will not apply to time 
necessary to guarantee the two?hour minimum. 
 
 
 
SECTION 3.  Extra Board operators shall receive a minimum of two (2) hours 
pay for any work performed on their day off, (RDO).   Overtime will not 
apply to the time necessary to guarantee the two?hour minimum. 
 
 
 
ARTICLE 29 
 
THE EXTRA BOARD 
 
 
 
SECTION 1. GENERAL PROVISIONS 
 
 
 
     A.   Work performed by the Extra Board shall include: 
 
 
 
          1)   Any vacancy of a voted regular run created by the regular 
operator's absence for any reason. 
 
 
 
          2)   All runs identified as Extra Board work not included in the 
regular vote sheets. 
 
 
 
          3)   All assignments of work identified as Protection Time. 
 
 
 
          4)   All other coach driving vacancies created by  unforeseen 
emergencies or immediate unpredictable requirements. 
 
 
 
     B.   At the beginning of each vote, the position of the Extra  Board 
operators will be determined by the order of seniority, with the  most 
senior operator on the top and the operator lowest in seniority on  the 

bottom. 
 
 
 
     C.   The Extra Board will rotate each day in the following manner: 
 
          Any Extra Board Operator working five (5) hours in any one day 
causes the Board to rotate. 
 
 
 
          The Board will rotate once each day when the Board is posted, by 
moving the top three (3) operators to the bottom.  The number three 
operator will become the last operator on the Board. 
 
 
 
     D.   Any operator on a regular day off (RDO), Personal   Holiday, 
Birthday, or who is absent for a period of less than  five (5) consecutive 
work days, will remain in his/her position on the Board.  Extra operators 
filling vacancies in Regular Runs, and operators on vacation, or who are 
absent for five (5) or more work days are removed from the rotation list, 
and their names will be reflected in the filling vacation, or the extended 
absence section of the Extra Board Posting Sheet.  Operators returning to 
the rotation list after a period of  absence will be positioned in 
accordance with their seniority.   On the day operators are removed from or 
returned to the  rotating list, the names will be removed or added to the 
list prior to rotating  the list for the next days work. 
 
 
 
SECTION 2. RULES FOR POSTING THE EXTRA BOARD, MONDAY - SATURDAY 
 
 
 
A.        Daily Extra Board assignments will be made daily and posted as 
follows: 
 
 
 
     1.   The Board will be posted by 3:00 p.m. each day. The availability 
of the operators at 1:00 p.m. each day will be that which is used for 
posting. 
 
 
 
     2.   The Extra Board will be booked in compliance with Federal Motor 
Carrier Safety Regulations. 
 
 
 
     3.   When booking the Extra Board the Dispatcher will first build the 
run assignments for that day and then assign the Extra Board personnel 
according to the rotation for that day. With the possible exception of the 
Protection assignments, this allows for the highest in the rotation, for 
each day, to get the longest assigned work and will continue in descending 
order of work time (top of the Board will get the most hours and bottom of 

the Board will get the least hours, maintaining the integrity of the Extra 
Board rotation). 
 
 
 
     4.   The Assignment of work will be made and posted as follows: 
 
 
 
          a.   All 10-hour regular voted runs (remain as 1 job, do not 
split apart) 
 
 
 
          b.   All other runs combined to be equal or greater than 9 hours 
of total driving time but not to exceed 10 hours total driving time. Total 
driving time is defined as time behind the wheel of a vehicle including any 
scheduled breaks of 30 minutes or less. 
 
 
 
          c.   Protection as needed. 
 
 
 
          d.   All other run combinations of 8 hours 59 minutes or less in 
descending order of total driving time, until all the work is assigned 
and/or no Extra Board operators are available. 
 
 
 
          e.   If the total run times are equal, the run with the earliest 
pull-out time shall be assigned first. 
 
 
 
          f.   Operators, by seniority, who have signed up for extra work. 
When assigning work to the operators signed up for extra work, each 
operator will be assigned as much work as is possible before moving to the 
next operator, unless some of the work is not desired. Operators signing up 
for extra work may designate specific desires following their names. 
Seniority order will be: 
 
               1.   RDO Extra Board operators on days off by seniority. 
 
               2.   Regular Voted Run operators by seniority. 
 
 
 
          g.   All runs will be filled at the time of the positing of the 
Extra Board. After exhausting the Extra Board and the extra work sign up 
sheet, the Dispatcher will put out a call over the radio to all operators, 
allowing a 5-minute response time. All operators responding will be put on 
a list by order of seniority. At the end of the 5-minute response time, 
work will be assigned to the most senior operator responding in decreasing 
order as needed to fill all open runs. 
 

 
 
          h.   If more operators are needed, the Dispatcher has the option 
of calling any operator of his choosing, without recourse from operators 
who did not respond during the 5-minute general call. 
 
 
 
          i.    Operators receiving less than six (6) hours of assigned 
work may be called by the dispatcher for Protection if booked Protection 
has been exhausted. 
 
 
 
B.        At the sole discretion of Management, runs, including Protection 
time, may be combined into single Extra Board work assignments to assure 
that all work is covered, This includes the splitting up of runs into 
smaller pieces. 
 
 
 
C.        Protection will be booked, whenever possible, to avoid dismissing 
the Protection person and then filling the open jobs with Non-Protection 
operators. Protection may utilize any number of operators and is booked at 
the discretion of the Dispatcher based on the real or perceived needs that 
may arise during the workday. 
 
 
 
D.        It is desired that an operator not be booked on Protection more 
than twice in one day. Protection, plus an open run, with no break in time, 
is considered one booking. 
 
 
 
E.        It is desirable that all operators, after driving eight (8) 
straight hours, receive a break before being booked on another run 
 
 
 
F.        Open work will be given to the first available Protection person 
still on duty. 
 
 
 
G.        Any regular runs open at 1:00p.m. will be assigned to the Extra 
Board. 
 
 
 
H.        After the 1:00 p.m. closing, all work assignments that become 
available will be left open at the posting time (3:00 p.m.), then be given 
in full to the first available protection person. If no protection is 
available, the next available Extra Board operator will be assigned the 
work. 
 
 

 
I.        If, after the posting time (3:00 p.m.), changes occur in any 
operator's work schedule as first posted, it is the responsibility of the 
Dispatcher to attempt to inform that operator of those changes by any 
means.  All non-personal contact (i.e. messaging devices) will be logged by 
the Dispatcher 
 
 
 
SECTION 3. RULES FOR POSTING THE EXTRA BOARD, SUNDAY AND HOLIDAYS 
 
 
 
In order to assure the work will be filled, the Extra Board will be liable 
to work Sundays and Holidays if not enough volunteers are on the Extra Work 
Sheet. 
 
 
 
A.        The Extra Board shall be posted as follows: 
 
 
 
          1.   The regular daily Extra Board will rotate in accordance with 
Section 1. 
 
 
 
          2.   The scheduled work for Sunday and/or Monday holiday will be 
posted no later than 4:00 p.m. on Friday immediately preceding the 
Sunday/Monday holiday work. All other holiday work will be posted the day 
prior to the holiday. 
 
 
 
          3.   The Extra Board will be booked in compliance with Federal 
Motor Carrier Safety Regulations. 
 
 
 
          4.   The Extra Work Sheet will be used for Operators who want to 
work the Sunday or Holiday. 
 
 
 
          5.   The roster on the Holiday or Sunday Extra Board will be 
created first from the Extra Work Sheet by seniority. 
 
 
 
               a.  Extra Board Operators 
 
 
 
               b.  Regular Run Operators 
 
 

 
          6.   If not enough operators are available from the Extra Work 
Sheet the Dispatcher will: 
 
 
 
               a.  Put out a call over the radio, allowing a 5-minute 
response time. 
 
 
 
               b.  At the end of the 5-minute general call work will be 
assigned to those who responded in the order of Section 2A4g above. 
 
 
 
               c.  If more operators are needed the Dispatcher will then 
call all Extra Board operators who were off duty at the time of the 
5-minute call out. 
 
 
 
               d.  Part Time Operators. 
 
 
 
               e.  If more operators are needed, all remaining work will be 
assigned to the Extra Board in reverse booking order, with the lowest Extra 
Board Operator for that day receiving the largest piece of remaining 
unassigned work and proceeding in this manner until all work is assigned. 
 
 
 
     7.   When booking the Extra Board the Dispatcher will first build the 
run assignments for that day and then assign the Extra Board personnel 
according to the rotation for that day. With the possible exception of the 
Protection assignments this allows for the highest in the rotation, for 
each day to get the longest assigned work and will continue in descending 
order of work time (top of the Board will get the most hours and bottom of 
the Board will get the least hours, maintaining the integrity of the Extra 
Board rotation). 
 
 
 
     8.   The assignment of work will be made and posted as follows 
 
 
 
          a.   All runs combined to be equal or greater than 9 hours of 
total driving time but not to exceed 10 hours total driving time. Total 
driving time is defined as time behind the wheel of a vehicle including any 
scheduled breaks of 30 minutes or less 
 
 
 
          b.   Protection of nine (9) hours or more 
 

 
 
          c.   All other run combinations, including protection time, of 8 
hours 59 minutes or less in descending order of total driving time, until 
all the work is assigned and/or no Extra Board operators are available. 
 
 
 
          d.   If the total run times are equal, the run with the earliest 
pull-out time shall be assigned first. 
 
 
 
SECTION 4. EXCEPTIONS TO NORMAL POSTING 
 
 
 
     A.   If an Extra Board operator requests OTR, for less than one full 
day, he/she  will be kept in rotation and given  the first available piece 
of work that fits the operator's OTR  request, excluding Protection.  If 
the OTR request does not affect the operator's assigned work schedule, the 
OTR request will not be recorded. 
 
     B.   Operators with No?Shows will be placed on the bottom of the 
rotation list when they report to the Dispatcher in person or by 
telephone.  Operators reporting in from a No?Show prior to 1:00 PM, will be 
placed at the bottom of the Extra Board rotating list the day of the 
No?Show.  Operators reporting after 1:00 PM will not be placed on the 
bottom of the rotating list until their following work day. 
 
 
 
     C.   Operators reporting off the sick list have the option of 
requesting consideration for any available work that cannot be filled by an 
available Extra Board Operator. The operator reporting off the sick list 
will have first chance at any available work that has not been assigned 
over those operators that have signed the Extra worksheet.  Operators 
working under these conditions will have their sick leave pay  reduced for 
that day by the number of hours they actually work, including Report and 
Check?In time.  This option is at the sole discretion of the operator. 
He/she is under no obligation to accept work if it is not desired.  In the 
event that several operators choose to exercise this option, the Dispatcher 
will prioritize the operators by order of their seniority (i.e. Extra Board 
operators then regular operators.) 
 
 
 
     D.   An operator working past 9:00 PM will not be required to return 
to work prior to 9:00 AM the following day. 
 
          Any operator who works past 9:00 PM and who does not  return to 
work prior to 9:00 AM the following day and  who is thereby precluded from 
taking out a piece of scheduled work prior to 9:00 AM will be placed on 
protection at 9:00 AM by the Dispatcher. 
 
 
 

     E.   Any operator who is booked on a run that works past 9:00 PM will 
not be assigned to work any additional work prior to 9:00 AM the same day. 
 
 
 
SECTION 5. POSTING AND VOTING VACATION, OTR, SICK 
AND                         TERMINATION FILL SHEET 
 
 
 
Permanent vacancies occurring in the regular runs, vacations and OTR fills 
will be posted for bid to the Extra Board.  All fills will be bid on by the 
Extra Board in the order of their seniority.  The following rules will 
apply to posting and voting the fill sheet. 
 
 
 
     A.   The fill sheet will be posted at 12:00 NOON, Thursday, of each 
week and voted on by 12:00 NOON the following Wednesday.  The vote will be 
effective the following Monday. 
 
 
 
     B.   Jobs on the fill sheet not voted on by 12:00 NOON Wednesday, will 
be assigned in reverse order of seniority of the Extra Board operators that 
are eligible to work the job. 
 
 
 
     C.   Jobs that become available after the 12:00 NOON Thursday, 
posting, will be worked off the Extra Board until the effective date of the 
next posting. 
 
 
 
     D.   Extra Board operators voting, or assigned a job fill, will have 
that job as long as it is open or until the next voting of regular runs. 
 
 
 
     E.   Extra Board operators that are working a vacation fill and who 
during that fill period, take vacation time, will, for the duration of 
their vacation, be paid as an Extra Board operator (i.e. 40 hours). 
 
 
 
     F.   Extra Board operators working a vacation fill who sign the extra 
work sheet will be considered a Regular operator for seniority purposes. 
 
 
 
     G.   Extra Board operators filling a job will be removed from the 
Extra Board for the period of the fill. 
 
 
 
ARTICLE 30 

 
NO?SHOW RULE 
 
 
 
SECTION 1.  When a regular or Extra Board operator fails to report in time 
for his/her run, or for any Report Time as specified by the Company, it 
shall be counted as a No?Show.  The Company agrees not to suspend operators 
for having no shows.  Progressive disciplinary action up to and including 
termination will be administered to operators with a record of No-shows. 
Any operator receiving eight (8) No-shows within a twelve (l2) month period 
from the date of the first No?Show will be subject to discharge. 
 
 
 
Employees who No-Show may be required to work on the day of the No-show. 
Work performed on that day will be at the discretion of the Employer and 
will be at the bottom of the Extra Board.  Operators reporting in from a 
No-show prior to 1:00 pm will be placed on the bottom of the Extra Board 
rotating list the day of the No-show. Operators reporting in from a No-show 
after 1:00 PM will have their next day's run assigned to the Extra Board 
and they will be placed on the bottom of the Extra Board rotating list for 
that day.  In the event an operator receives a No-show due to an error by 
the Company, all operators involved shall revert back to their original 
assignments as soon as possible. 
 
 
 
SECTION 2.  Any Extra Board operator obtaining a No?Show will  have his/her 
weekly guarantee reduced by eight (8) hours for each day served on the 
bottom of the Board, per Section 1 of this Article. 
 
 
 
SECTION 3.  Any operator reporting sick before going to work must call in 
thirty (30) minutes before Report Time to avoid being charged  with a 
No?Show. 
 
 
 
SECTION 4.  Any employee who receives a No?Show as a result of  being 
involved in a traffic accident while in?route to work may  appeal to 
Management to have the No?Show removed from his/her record  under the 
following conditions.  The accident must have occurred within one and 
one?half hours prior to the employee's report time.  The employee must 
provide Management with a copy of the Police Accident Report within seven 
(7) working days after the date of the accident. 
 
 
 
SECTION 5.  In the event a regular or extra?board operator receives a 
No?Show and 48 hours have elapsed and the operator has not reported to the 
Dispatcher his/her availability for duty, that operator shall not be 
allowed to return to work without approval of the General Manager or his 
designee.  The 48 hours shall begin with the date and time the operator 
receives the No?Show. 
 

 
 
ARTICLE 31 
 
OPERATOR ? UNIFORM ALLOWANCE 
 
 
 
SECTION 1.  The Employer will maintain, with mutually agreed upon uniform 
suppliers, contracts or agreements for operator's uniforms.  The Company 
will then pay to said supplier the first Two Hundred Twenty Five dollars 
($225.00) of uniform purchases made by each full time operator. 
 
 
 
Operators shall be allowed to purchase lumbar support cushions as part of 
the annual uniform allowance.  Effective January 1, 2000 the annual 
allowance shall be increased to Two Hundred and Fifty dollars ($250.00.) 
The Company will determine and bear the full cost of all uniforms for part 
time bus operators. 
 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO MAINTENANCE DEPARTMENT 
 
 
 
ARTICLE 32 
 
WAGES ? MAINTENANCE DEPARTMENT 
 
 
 
SECTION l.  The wages for Maintenance Department employees covered by this 
Agreement shall be as follows: 
 
 
 
                                      EFFECTIVE DATES 
 
                        January 1 January 1 January 1 January 1 
 
                        1999      2000      2001      2002 
 
 
 
Master Mechanic-start   14.09     14.50     14.92     15.38 
 
 
 
Master Mechanic 
 
after 6 months          14.69     15.10     15.52     15.98 
 
 
 
Skilled Mechanic-start 13.55     13.96     14.38     14.84 
 
 

 
Skilled Mechanic 
 
after 6 months          14.09     14.50     14.92     15.38 
 
 
 
Semi?Skilled Mechanic   12.20     12.61     13.03     13.49 
 
-start 
 
Semi-Skilled Mechanic 
 
after 6 months                13.55 13.96 14.38 14.84 
 
 
 
FOR UTILITY HIRED BEFORE JANUARY 1, 1993 
 
                              12.40 12.81 13.23 13.69 
 
 
 
FOR UTILITY HIRED AFTER JANUARY 1, 1993 
 
 
 
1st 12 months            8.50      8.91      9.33      9.79 
 
2nd 12 months            8.85      9.26      9.68      10.14 
 
After 24 months         9.10      9.51      9.93      10.39 
 
 
 
FOR BUILDING MAINTENANCE 
 
 
 
1st 6 months             9.06      9.47      9.89      10.35 
 
2nd 6 months             9.90      10.31     10.73     11.19 
 
 
 
FOR TERMINAL MAINTENANCE 
 
 
 
1st 6 months             9.06      9.47      9.89      10.35 
 
2nd 6 months             9.90      9.47      9.89      10.35 
 
 
 
SECTION 2.  At the completion of each "step", the subsequent pay increase 
will become effective at the beginning of the next  payroll period. 

 
 
 
ARTICLE 33 
 
TIME ALLOWANCES ? MAINTENANCE DEPARTMENT 
 
 
 
SECTION l.  Working Foreman will receive thirty cents ($.30) per hour over 
his/her straight time hourly rate. 
 
SECTION 2.  The eight (8) hour day of all Maintenance employees  shall be 
completed within a spread time of nine (9) consecutive hours. 
 
 
 
SECTION 3.  The hourly rates for all employees shall be increased by $.25 
per hour if fifty percent (50%) or more of an employee's work schedule is 
between the hours of 7:30 PM and 12:00 AM and by 
 
$.30 per hour if fifty percent (50%) or more of work time is between hours 
of 12:00 AM and 7:30 AM. 
 
 
 
SECTION 4.  The Company will pay $.25 per hour to Utility employees for the 
breaking in of new Utility employees.  A single Utility employee will be 
designated for training each new employee and a definite schedule will be 
established for the training period. 
 
 
 
SECTION 5.  The Company will pay twenty (20) minutes at the hourly rate of 
pay for making out Accident/Incident Reports. 
 
 
 
SECTION 6.  The Company shall pay $.25 per hour additional for training new 
Terminal and Building Maintenance employees.  A single employee will be 
designated for training each new employee and a definite schedule will be 
established for the training period. 
 
 
 
SECTION 7.  The Company will ensure that all employees are provided with 
training sufficient in duration to insure the employee is familiar with any 
new equipment required for his/her job.  If this training occurs outside 
the employee’s normal shift, he/she shall receive the straight rate of pay 
for this training. 
 
 
 
ARTICLE 34 
 
SENIORITY ? MAINTENANCE DEPARTMENT 
 

 
 
SECTION 1.  The seniority list for Maintenance employees will show (1) Date 
of employment in Maintenance Department, (2) Date of entry into each 
classification. 
 
 
 
ARTICLE 35 
 
WORK DAY ? WORK WEEK ? DAYS OFF 
 
 
 
SECTION l.  Work shifts in the Maintenance Department shall consist of 
eight (8) hours per day. 
 
 
 
SECTION 2.  All Maintenance employees will work five (5) days with two (2) 
days off per week.  As many as possible successive days off per week will 
be granted.  The employer will construct the Maintenance Department work 
shifts so as to contain at least forty (40) hours pay?time per week. 
 
 
 
 
 
ARTICLE 36 
 
ASSIGNMENT OF WORK ? MAINTENANCE DEPARTMENT 
 
 
 
SECTION l.  Every three (3) months and at such other times as the employer 
deems necessary, the employer will determine how many of the Maintenance 
employees are needed on each of the work shifts and designate the regular 
assigned days off for each work shift. Maintenance employees then will be 
permitted to choose their work shift in accordance with their job (mechanic 
or utility) seniority date.  All Maintenance Department shift votes will be 
divided into two (2) votes; one for mechanics, one for utility, except for 
Holiday work schedules. 
 
 
 
SECTION 2.  Two vote sheets, one for mechanics and one for utility will be 
posted at least two (2) weeks before the effective date of the vote. 
Senior employees in each section (mechanic), (utility),  will have the 
first vote and each employee shall follow in order of his/her seniority. 
 
 
 
SECTION 3.  After the completion of each shift vote, Management will select 
one Maintenance employee on each shift to be Working Foreman (See Appendix 
A for Duties).  During the absence of a Working Foreman, the senior 
employee on the shift will assume the duties of Working Foreman. 
 

 
 
SECTION 4.  It is the general policy of the employer in accordance with the 
maintenance needs, to use the Maintenance employees on work for which they 
are best qualified, reserving to the employer the right to judge 
qualifications and to assign the Maintenance employees to such work as it 
may deem necessary.  Only in the case of emergencies will Master, Skilled 
and Semi?Skilled classifications be required to perform less skilled work 
outside the premises of the operating facility. 
 
 
 
SECTION 5.  Holiday work as defined in Article 10, Section l, of this 
Agreement will be voted by company seniority at the same time each three 
months work assignments are voted.  Only the Holiday work occurring during 
that vote period will be voted.  All Holiday shifts not voted will be 
worked in reverse order of seniority.  Employees on vacation during a 
Holiday will be passed if it becomes necessary to assign Holiday work in 
reverse seniority.    Trading of Holiday work between employees will not be 
permitted. 
 
 
 
SECTION 6.  It is understood that work shifts for new employees in the 
Maintenance Department will be assigned by Management during the 
probationary period, in order to facilitate the employees' training on the 
job. 
 
 
 
SECTION 7.  Maintenance employees called out before or after their regular 
working hours shall be on a voluntary basis and shall be paid at a minimum 
of three (3) hours. 
 
 
 
 
 
ARTICLE 37 
 
JOB CLASSIFICATION ? MAINTENANCE DEPARTMENT 
 
 
 
SECTION 1.  In the Maintenance Department, the job classifications shall 
be: (1) Mechanic, (2) Utility, (3) Building Maintenance or (4) Terminal 
Maintenance.  The job classification of mechanic consists of three skill 
levels: Semi-Skilled; Skilled; and Master.  The job descriptions for the 
mechanic skill levels, Working Foreman, Building Maintenance and Terminal 
Maintenance positions appear in Appendix A to this Agreement. 
 
 
 
SECTION 2.  Any employee at any time may engage in less skilled work 
without it affecting his/her job skill level.  Also, an employee may assist 
in a higher skill work for the purpose of learning higher skilled jobs. 
 

 
 
SECTION 3.  A shop employee will be given the opportunity to advance to a 
higher skill level under the following criteria. 
 
 
 
     A.   All applicants for Skilled Mechanic will have at least one (1) 
year of service as a Semi-Skilled Mechanic.  All applicants for Master 
Mechanic will have a minimum of three (3) years experience as a Skilled 
Mechanic.  Management shall have the discretion to determine if an 
applicant is qualified to take any test for advancement prior to the above 
specified service limits. 
 
 
 
      B.    Advancement to the position of Skilled Mechanic will be through 
the process of taking a written test and a practical performance test. 
Advancement to the position of Master Mechanic will be through the process 
of taking a written test only. Applicants for Skilled and Master Mechanic 
will take either written Test A or Test B which will be jointly 
administered by the Director of Maintenance and the Union Shop Steward. 
The grading of Test A or Test B will be accomplished by the Director of 
Maintenance. 
 
 
 
            The practical performance test for the position of Skilled 
Mechanic will be jointly administered by the Director of Maintenance and 
the Union Shop Steward.  The grading of the practical performance test will 
be  accomplished by the Director of Maintenance. 
 
 
 
          The tests for Skilled and Master Mechanics will be maintained in 
the Office of the General Manager who will issue an "A" or "B" version, at 
his/her discretion. 
 
 
 
            An applicant for Skilled or Master Mechanic who fulfills all of 
the above requirements will be recommended by the Director of Maintenance, 
in writing, to the General Manager for advancement to the appropriate skill 
level. 
 
 
 
          Should an applicant for Skilled or Master Mechanic fail to pass 
the written test, he/she will be required to wait 30 days prior to taking 
the alternate version of the applicable test.  If he/she fails on occasion 
of the second test, he/she will be required to wait for a minimum of six 
(6) months before they retest. 
 
 
 
          A copy of the test answer sheets for Skilled and Master Mechanic 
applicants will be filed in their Personnel Records Jacket regardless of 

whether they passed or failed the test. 
 
 
 
ARTICLE 38 
 
PROMOTIONS ? MAINTENANCE DEPARTMENT 
 
 
 
SECTION l.  When the employer determines that a vacancy exists in a job 
classification, or when it is desirable to train an employee for any 
position up to but not including Working  Foreman, such vacancy shall be 
filled from the ranks of the Maintenance employees in lower classifications 
on the basis of job classification seniority, providing employees of 
sufficient ability and qualifications are available for that purpose. 
Ability and qualifications will be determined by an aptitude test. 
 
 
 
SECTION 2.  All vacancy bidding shall be posted for a period of  five (5) 
days, in which period qualified employees may bid on such  vacancy 
according to his/her job classification seniority. 
 
 
 
SECTION 3.  Employees promoted under the provision of this article shall 
be  given not more than forty?five (45) days within which to qualify.  In 
the event any employee fails to qualify within such period, he/she shall 
revert back to his/her former classification without loss of seniority.  It 
is understood that successful bidders will be awarded vacancy positions 
within five (5) days after the bidding period is closed. 
 
 
 
ARTICLE 39 
 
UNIFORM AND TOOL ALLOWANCE 
 
 
 
SECTION l.  The Company agrees to provide coveralls or shirts, trousers and 
shop coats, as well as, laundry service for authorized maintenance 
personnel.  The Company also agrees to provide a uniform allowance with 
mutually agreed upon suppliers for winter wear to all Utility personnel in 
the amount of  $125.00 per year.  The Company agrees to provide an annual 
allowance with mutually agreed upon suppliers for safety boots to all 
maintenance employees in an amount of $50.00 per year.  Any additional 
items that are required by the Company, such as hard hats, safety glasses, 
etc. shall be paid for by the Company. 
 
 
 
SECTION 2.  The Company agrees to pay an annual tool allowance for all 
Master, Skilled and Semi?Skilled mechanics, to mutually agreed upon tool 
suppliers, for the purchase of tools needed in the performance of their 
duties.  Master Mechanics shall receive $350.00, Skilled Mechanics shall 

receive $300.00 and Semi?Skilled Mechanics shall receive $275.00. 
 
 
 
SECTION 3.  The Company will obtain and cover the cost of insurance on 
mechanic's tools and tool boxes.  The maximum coverage per employee's tools 
will be $5,000.  All mechanics will provide the Company with an inventory 
list of all insurable items, in the format provided by Management.  The 
employee will be responsible for updating his/her inventory list. 
 
 
 
SECTION 4.  All Master, Skilled and Semi?Skilled mechanics shall own a 
complete set of hand tools as may be required to perform their specific 
duties, and shall keep their tool box clean and in a proper place at all 
times. 
 
 
 
SECTION 5.  The Company shall provide all tools and equipment necessary for 
Building Maintenance and Terminal Maintenance employees to perform their 
duties. 
 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INFORMATION CLERKS 
 
 
 
ARTICLE 40 
 
WAGES 
 
 
 
SECTION 1.  The wages of all Information Clerks covered by this Agreement 
shall be as follows: 
 
 
 
                              EFFECTIVE DATES 
 
 
 
                        January 1 January 1 January 1 January 1 
 
                        1999      2000      2001      2002 
 
 
 
Hired before  8/94      10.47     10.88     11.30     11.76 
 
Hired after   8/94 
 
1st 12 months            7.98      8.39      8.81      9.27 
 
2nd 12 months            9.06      9.47      9.89      10.35 
 
After 24 months         9.68      10.09     10.51     10.97 

 
 
 
SECTION 2.  Any pay increases will become effective at the beginning of the 
next payroll period. 
 
 
 
SECTION 3.  Part Time Information Clerks shall receive only pay. They shall 
receive no benefits spelled out in this Labor Agreement. 
 
 
 
ARTICLE 41 
 
TIME ALLOWANCES 
 
 
 
SECTION 1.  It is recognized that full time work for Information clerks is 
thirty two and one half (32 1/2) hours per week.  This constitutes a six 
(6) hour work day plus check in/travel time of thirty (30) minutes per day 
for a total of six and one half (6 1/2) hours per day.  Regular part time 
Information Clerks shall fill in as needed on days off, weekends, 
vacations, sick days, special assignments etc.  Should additional hours of 
operation be added to the Downtown Terminal for customer information 
service, the additional hours will be offered to full time Information 
Clerks in seniority order.  Should any hours remain, they will be offered 
to the part time Information Clerks in seniority order. Should any hours 
remain, they will be assigned to the part time Information Clerk with the 
least seniority. 
 
 
 
SECTION 2.  All Information Clerks shall report to the Dispatcher at the 
time scheduled for the beginning of their shift, unless otherwise 
directed. 
 
 
 
SECTION 3.  Time and one half shall be paid for all work performed in 
excess of eight (8) hours per day for employees scheduled for a five day 
work week. 
 
 
 
SECTION 4.  Transportation to and from the garage shall be arranged by the 
Dispatcher.  Employees shall be compensated for any travel time in excess 
of the thirty minutes described in Section 1. 
 
SECTION 5.  The Company shall pay $.25 per hour additional for training new 
employees.  A single employee will be designated for training each new 
employee and a definite schedule will be established for the training 
period. 
 
 
 

SECTION 6. The Company will pay a twenty (20) minutes at the hourly rate of 
pay for making out Accident/Incident Reports. 
 
 
 
SECTION 7.  Information Clerks shall be required to be neat and keep their 
work area orderly and presentable.  They shall not create unsafe conditions 
in the booth.  They shall not be required to do any general maintenance, 
routine sweeping or cleaning of the booth or terminal. 
 
 
 
SECTION 8.  The hourly rates for all employees shall be increased by $.20 
per hour if fifty percent (50 %) or more of the employee's work shift is 
between the hours of 7:30 PM and 12:00 AM. 
 
 
 
ARTICLE 42 
 
DAYS OFF, WORK ASSIGNMENTS AND SELECTION 
 
 
 
SECTION 1. Work schedules shall be designated by job number.  Job 1 through 
Job 3.When any of the three full-time employees are off for any reason, the 
part-time employee will cover their shift. If the part-time employee is 
unavailable, the priority is the AM and PM shifts. The person working Job 3 
would be required to fill either Job 1 or Job 2 as needed. 
 
 
 
SECTION 2.  Work assignments shall be drafted monthly.  Jobs 1 to 3 above 
will be voted monthly according to seniority by full time information 
clerks.  The supervisor shall schedule all work known at the time of 
scheduling to include vacations, sick, special projects, etc.  Work 
assignments shall be made on the basis of seniority for the full time 
Information Booth Clerks.  Part time Information Clerks shall have a 
separate seniority list.  Their work shall be assigned as needed by the 
Company.  Available extra work shall be offered to full time employees in 
seniority order. If work remains after offering to all full time employees, 
the available employee with the lowest seniority shall be required to do 
the work if the part time employees are not available.  The junior part 
time employee can not refuse the extra work. 
 
 
 
SECTION 3.  Sick Work - Coverage for the full time clerks for sick 
occurrences shall be filled by the part time clerk(s), if available.  Each 
day shall be covered individually as it is by the extra board for the 
Operators. 
 
 
 
SECTION 4.  Special projects are work other than work in the information 
booth.  This work shall be bid by seniority by all clerks starting with the 
full time clerks. 

 
 
 
SECTION 5.  Any vacancies created by full time Information Clerks' 
vacations shall be bid by part time clerks in seniority order.  A week or 
more is bid as one piece of work.  One day vacations are bid by the day. 
 
 
 
ARTICLE 43 
 
NO?SHOW RULE 
 
 
 
SECTION 1.  When an Information Clerk fails to report in time for his/her 
work assignment it shall be counted as a No?Show.  The Company agrees not 
to suspend clerks for having no shows.  Progressive disciplinary action up 
to and including termination will be administered to clerks with a record 
of No-shows. Before discharge for an accumulation of No-Shows, the clerk 
shall receive at least one written warning signed by his/her immediate 
supervisor.  Employees who No-Show may be required to work on the day of 
the No-show.  Work performed on that day will be at the discretion of the 
Employer. 
 
 
 
SECTION 2.  Any clerk reporting sick before going to work must call in 
thirty (30) minutes before the scheduled start time of his/her shift to 
avoid being charged with a No?Show. 
 
 
 
SECTION 3.  Any employee who receives a No?Show as a result of  being 
involved in a traffic accident while in?route to work may  appeal to 
Management to have the No?Show removed from his/her record  under the 
following conditions.  The accident must have occurred within one and 
one?half hours prior to the employee's report time. The employee must 
provide Management with a copy of the Police Accident Report within seven 
(7) working days after the date of the accident. 
 
 
 
SECTION 4.  In the event a clerk receives a No?Show and 48 hours have 
elapsed and the clerk has not reported to the Company his/her availability 
for duty, that clerk shall not be allowed to return to work without 
approval of the General Manager or his designee.  The 48 hours shall begin 
with the date and time the clerk receives the No?Show. 
 
 
 
ARTICLE 44 
 
UNIFORMS 
 
 
 

SECTION 1.  In the event the Company should require Information Clerks to 
wear uniforms, they shall be provided at no cost to the employee. 
 
 
 
ARTICLE 45 
 
INFORMATION CLERKS - JOB DESCRIPTIONS 
 
 
 
SECTION 1.  The job descriptions for these employees appear in Appendix A 
to this Agreement. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO TRANSIT SURVEYORS 
 
 
 
ARTICLE 46 
 
WAGES 
 
 
 
Section 1.  The wages for all Transit Surveyors covered by this Agreement 
shall be as follows: 
 
 
 
January 1, 1999   January 1, 2000   January 1, 2001   January 1, 2002 
 
 
 
$ 6.72        $6.72         $6.72              $6.72 
 
 
 
Section 2.  Any pay increases, except annual increases, shall become 
effective at the beginning of the next payroll period. 
 
 
 
Section 3.  Transit Surveyors shall receive only pay.  They shall receive 
no benefits spelled out in this Agreement. 
 

 
 
ARTICLE 47 
 
TIME ALLOWANCES AND WORK ASSIGNMENTS 
 
 
 
Section 1.  It is recognized that Transit Surveyors are part time 
employees.  Their workweek shall be less than 40 hours per week. A workweek 
shall be Monday through Saturday.  The hours of work will vary depending 
upon need, but will be based upon operating hours of the transit system. 
 
 
 
Section 2.  All Transit Surveyors shall report to the Director of 
Operations or his designee for work assignments.  Work shall be assigned as 
needed by the Director of Operations or his designee without regard to 
seniority.  As much as possible, work shall be assigned equally to all 
Transit Surveyors giving consideration, where possible, to their outside 
schedule conflicts. 
 
 
 
Section 3. Employees shall not be compensated for travel time to and from 
the routes surveyed. 
 
 
 
Section 4.  The Company will pay twenty (20) minutes at the hourly rate of 
pay for making out accident/incident reports. 
 
 
 
Section 5.  The Immediate supervisor for the Transit Surveyors shall be the 
Director of Operations. 
 
 
 
ARTICLE 48 
 
UNIFORMS 
 
 
 
Section 1.  In the event the Company should require Transit Surveyors to 
wear uniforms, they shall be provided at no cost to the employee.  Transit 
Surveyors, as representatives of the Company, shall be required to present 
a neat, clean appearance when on coaches. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
ARTICLE 49 

 
TRANSIT SURVEYORS – JOB DESCRIPTIONS 
 
 
 
Section 1.  The job descriptions for these employees appear in Appendix A 
to this Agreement. 
 
 
 
ARTICLE 50 
 
DURATION OF AGREEMENT 
 
 
 
This Agreement shall be in effect from January 1, 1999 and including 
December 31, 2002, and shall remain in effect from year to year thereafter 
unless changed or terminated as herein provided. Either party desiring to 
make any changes or modifications in the Agreement to become effective at 
the end of the initial term or  any annual extensions thereof, or desiring 
to terminate this Agreement at the expiration thereof, shall notify the 
other party in writing of its desires at least ninety (90) days prior to 
the expiration of the initial term or any extension thereof.  In the event 
that any change or modification so requested by either  party is not 
mutually agreed upon prior to the expiration date of this  Agreement or any 
renewal thereof, the Agreement shall terminate at such expiration date 
unless the same shall be extended by mutual  consent.  After receipt of 
notification requesting changes, or modifications, the parties agree to set 
a mutually satisfactory date to meet and discuss same. 
 
 
 
IN WITNESS HEREOF, the said Laidlaw Transit Services, Inc. has caused its 
corporate name to be here?unto subscribed by its Area Manager of Human 
Resources and its corporate seal here?unto affixed, attested by its General 
Manager, and the Union has caused this instrument to be signed in its name 
and on its behalf by its President and signed by the members of its 
"Committee on Agreement", herein duly authorized. 
 
 
 
Dated at Colorado Springs, El Paso County, Colorado on this             day 
of 1999. 
 
 
 
                             FOR THE AMALGAMATED TRANSIT 
 
FOR THE COMPANY              UNION LOCAL NO. 19 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

General Manager              President 
 
 
 
                             Members Of Committee On Agreement 
 
 
 
 
 
Human Resources Supervisor 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Area Manager of Human Resources 
 
APPENDIX A 
 
JOB DESCRIPTIONS 
 
 
 
                  MAINTENANCE DEPARTMENT EMPLOYEES 
 
                   UTILITY CREW AND MECHANIC SKILL LEVELS 
 
 
 
SECTION l.  This section is devoted to a description of essential duties 
required in the job itself.  A sufficient number of duties are listed to 
indicate the character of the work and give a clear conception of the 
variety of duties required. The duties listed include only the principal 
ones usually required for the job, are not to be construed to be a complete 
list of duties to be performed by employees whose jobs carry each such 
title and may be changed from time to time at the discretion of the 
Employer.  Management agrees to discuss any changes to these job 
descriptions with the Union Executive Board prior to implementing the 
changes. 
 
 
 
SECTION 2. THE UTILITY CREW 
 
 
 
The Utility Crew is comprised of a Working Foreman and employees who act as 
fuelers, runners, and cleaners.  The Working Foreman and the remainder of 
the Utility Crew are responsible, based on verbal and written instructions 
from the Director of Maintenance or his designee, for: 

 
 
 
     A.   The cleaning and servicing of all buses in the fleet and parking 
them, after cleaning, in their designated areas. 
 
 
 
     B.   For making bus changes and/or road calls during their shift. 
 
 
 
      C.    Any and all other requirements made known to them, through the 
Director of Maintenance, his designee or the Working Foreman, relating to 
cleaning and servicing of the bus fleet. 
 
 
 
SECTION 3. SEMI-SKILLED MECHANIC (Beginner-Trainee) 
 
 
 
Under direct supervision removes and installs units of equipment of all 
kinds, broken, damaged and worn parts and performs minor repair work on all 
types of buses and equipment.  Performs such duties as: 
 
 
 
     A.   Assisting in the repair or replacement of any/all mechanical 
equipment under the guidance, direction and instruction of mechanics of 
higher classification. 
 
 
 
     B.   Periodically watering batteries, draining air tanks and air lines 
on buses. 
 
 
 
     C.   Greasing all parts of buses in accordance with established 
procedures and instructions. 
 
 
 
     D.   Changing crankcase oil, adding oil to transmissions, 
differentials, steering gears and other similar units when required. 
 
 
 
     E.   Changing and replacing oil filters and servicing air cleaners. 
 
 
 
     F.   Replacing electric wiring, horns, dome lamps, fuses, tail lamps, 
marker lamps and oil sending units, etc. 
 
 

 
     G.   Inspecting, repairing and changing tires. 
 
 
 
     H.   Making bus changes or service calls when required. 
 
 
 
     I.   Performing other similar or less skilled work. 
 
 
 
Individuals who are selected as Semi-Skilled Mechanics are required to 
possess a sufficient amount of tools at the inception of their employment 
to allow them to perform the above duties.  Listed below is the minimum 
amount of tools that they must possess: 
 
 
 
     A.   Roll-around tool box 
 
 
 
     B.   Creeper 
 
 
 
     C.   Combination open and box end wrenches 1/4" to 1-1/4" 
 
 
 
     D.   Socket sets with ratchets and extensions: 
 
          1)  3/8" drive 3/8" to 5/8" STD and Deepwell 
 
          2)  1/2" drive 1/2" to 1 1/4" 
 
 
 
     E.   A 1/2" drive breaker bar handle-drive adapters 3/8" to   1/2" and 
1/2" to 3/8" 
 
 
 
     F.   Straight blade screwdriver set, including stubby,  Phillips blade 
screwdriver set, including stubby, Pliers, regular, water pump, needlenose, 
and side cutters 
 
 
 
     G.   Wire stripper and terminal crimper 
 
 
 
     H.   Three sizes crescent wrenches; 6", 8", and 12" 
 

 
 
     I.   Three sizes hammers, including 4 lb, ballpeen, and softhead 
 
 
 
     J.   Flashlight 
 
 
 
     K.   Inspection mirror 
 
 
 
     L.   Circuit tester light, 12 and 24 volt 
 
 
 
     M.   Set of punches 
 
 
 
     N.   Set of chisels 
 
 
 
     O.   Blow gun 
 
 
 
     P.   Magnet 
 
 
 
     Q.   A 1/2" drive impact wrench 
 
 
 
SECTION 4. SKILLED MECHANIC 
 
Under direct supervision, diagnoses problems or defects affecting the 
operation of buses.  Is required to be able to operate the following shop 
equipment: 
 
 
 
Soldering Gun           Sander             Drill Press 
 
Tire Changer            Hand Drills        Lug Nut Impact Wrench 
 
Grinders                Power Hack Saw     Presses 
 
Fork Lift               Steam Cleaners     Electric Testers Battery 
Charger       Body Grinder       Brake Drum Micrometer 
 
 
 

A Skilled Mechanic is required to perform the following jobs: 
 
 
 
     A.   Changing transmissions and axles. 
 
 
 
     B.   Resetting toe-in, replace and adjust steering boxes. 
 
 
 
     C.   Changing, adjusting voltage regulators and head lamps. 
 
 
 
     D.   Changing engines and accessory drive units to include: 
 
          Brake Jobs and Inspections   Tune Ups 
 
          Brake Adjustments            Lube Jobs (Oil and Filters) 
 
          Differential Changes         Test Starters, Alternators, 
 
          Transmission Changes         and Circuits 
 
 
 
     E.   Rebuild the following items: 
 
          Air Governors                Sway Bars and Links 
 
          Brake Valves                 Air Dryers 
 
          Brake Chambers               Slack Adjustors 
 
          Water Pumps                  Springs 
 
          Fuel Pumps                   Brake Cam Bushings 
 
          Heater Motors                Kingpins and Bushings 
 
          Windshield Wiper Motors      Radius Rods 
 
          Door Motors 
 
 
 
     F.   Make bus changes or service calls when requested. 
 
 
 
     G.   Performing other similar or less skilled work. 
 
 
 
SECTION 5. MASTER MECHANIC 

 
Under direct supervision, overhauls and repairs all components of all 
buses.  Able to operate the following shop equipment in addition to that 
equipment listed under the duties of the Skilled Mechanic: 
 
 
 
     Pro-Link 2000                Armature Lathe 
 
     Valve and Rocker Grinder          Valve Seat Grinder 
 
     Micrometers                  Paint Equipment 
 
     Acetylene Torch              Arc Welder 
 
          a. Solder                    a. Flat 
 
          b. Silver Solder             b. Vertical 
 
          c. Braze                     c. Various Thicknesses 
 
          d. Cut                       d. Aluminum 
 
          e. Weld                      e. Cast Iron 
 
 
 
     Able to perform below listed overhauls in addition to those overhaul 
functions performed by the Skilled Mechanic: 
 
 
 
          Starters                     Valve Jobs 
 
          Steering Boxes               Alternators 
 
          Engine Fan Drives            Engine Overhauls 
 
          Transmission Overhauls       Blowers and Governors 
 
          Differential Overhauls 
 
 
 
     A.   Makes bus changes or service calls when requested. 
 
 
 
     B.   Must be thoroughly familiar with the safety rules and regulations 
as they apply to paint shop equipment and be knowledgeable in all types of 
painting required in the maintenance of transportation equipment. 
 
 
 
     C.   Performing various kinds of repair work on vehicle bodies, 
accessories and related equipment such as repairing and rebuilding accident 
damage. 

 
 
 
     D.   Performing other similar or less skilled work. 
 
 
 
SECTION 6. WORKING FOREMAN (Shop and Utility Crew) 
 
 
 
A Working Foreman will be appointed by the Director of Maintenance for each 
shift of Mechanics and for the Utility Crew. In addition to their regular 
duties, the Working Foremen will insure the continued operation of the 
Maintenance Shop during their shift in the following manner: 
 
 
 
     A.   Receive written or verbal instructions from the Director of 
Maintenance or his designee and insure same is carried out. 
 
 
 
     B.   Answer the Maintenance Shop telephone and record messages. 
 
     C.   Insure the proper handling of trouble calls and bus change 
requests during their shift. 
 
     D.   Notifying Management personnel in case of any emergency involving 
security of the property, fire, or unusual occurrence during their shift. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
                BUILDING AND TERMINAL MAINTENANCE EMPLOYEES 
 
                              JOB DESCRIPTIONS 
 
 
 
SECTION l.  This section is devoted to a description of essential duties 
required in the job itself.  A sufficient number of duties are listed to 
indicate the character of the work and give a clear conception of the 
variety of duties required. The duties listed include only the principal 
ones usually required for the job, are not to be construed to be a complete 
list of duties to be performed by employees whose jobs carry each such 
title and may be changed from time to time at the discretion of the 
Employer.  Management agrees to discuss any changes to these job 
descriptions with the Union Executive Board prior to implementing the 
changes. 

 
 
 
SECTION 2. BUILDING MAINTENANCE EMPLOYEE 
 
 
 
The Building Maintenance Employee is supervised by the Director of 
Maintenance or his designee.  Based on verbal and written instructions from 
the Director, he/she performs the following duties, which include are but 
limited to: 
 
 
 
     A.   Minor Painting 
 
     B.   Changing of Light Bulbs 
 
     C.   General cleaning and facility upkeep and repair 
 
     D.   Mopping and sweeping bus storage garages with power sweeper 
 
     E.   Mopping, sweeping and cleaning maintenance bay floors 
 
     F.   Mopping, sweeping and cleaning storage areas 
 
     G.   Window washing 
 
     H.   Maintenance and care of landscaped areas 
 
     I.   General assistance to parts clerk and other maintenance employees 
as needed 
 
     J.   General pick up of outside trash and emptying trash containers 
 
      K.    Cleaning and minor repair of bus shelters and other bus stop 
amenities 
 
     L.   Removal of snow and oil residue 
 
      M.    Other similar duties as assigned by Director of Maintenance or 
his designee. 
 
 
 
SECTION 3. TERMINAL MAINTENANCE EMPLOYEE 
 
 
 
The Terminal Maintenance Employee is supervised by the Director of 
Maintenance or his designee.  Based on verbal and written instructions from 
the Director, he/she performs the following duties, which include are but 
limited to: 
 
 
 
     A.   Maintaining the appearance and presentability of the downtown bus 

terminal. 
 
 
 
     B.   Removal of graffiti and other results of vandalism at the 
terminal. 
 
     C.   Policing terminal area to discourage graffiti writing, littering, 
vandalism and other negative activities. 
 
     D.   General cleaning of the terminal and information booth as needed. 
 
     E.   Assure that all lighting, plumbing and transit signs are in good 
repair and functioning properly. 
 
     F.   Provide general handyman skills to make repairs with small tools, 
touch-up paint cleaning solvents and tools as needed. 
 
     G.   Represent the system to the public while wearing Company uniform. 
 
     H.   Exercise firmness, mature judgement and courtesy when dealing 
with the public to protect the property and interests of the Company. 
 
     I.   Provide information to the public about transit operations at the 
terminal. 
 
     J.   Maintain daily records of all activities and report to 
management. 
 
     K.   Make recommendations to improve procedures as required. 
 
     L.   Removal of snow and oil residue 
 
      M.    Other similar duties and special projects as assigned by the 
Director of Maintenance or his designee. 
 
                           INFORMATION CLERKS 
 
                              JOB DESCRIPTION 
 
 
 
SECTION l.  This section is devoted to a description of essential duties 
required in the job itself.  A sufficient number of duties are listed to 
indicate the character of the work and give a clear conception of the 
variety of duties required. The duties listed include only the principal 
ones usually required for the job, are not to be construed to be a complete 
list of duties to be performed by employees whose jobs carry each such 
title and may be changed from time to time at the discretion of the 
Employer.  Management agrees to discuss any changes to these job 
descriptions with the Union Executive Board prior to implementing the 
changes. 
 
 
 
SECTION 2.  The position of Information Clerk entails maintaining a direct, 
effective liaison with the public via telephone and at the Inform(cid:173)ation 

Booth. Their job is to provide a service to the public and to present the 
Company in a favorable light to all customers re(cid:173)questing their assistance. 
Information Clerks are expected to do the following, which include but are 
not limited to: 
 
 
 
     A.   Be patient, courteous, and forbearing with all customers even 
though you may be provoked. 
 
 
 
     B.   Provide any/all information to the public, relative to the 
scheduled arrival and departure of all buses, in an accurate, courteous and 
pleasant manner. 
 
 
 
     C.   Answer questions, to the best of their ability, during adverse 
weather conditions regarding unavoidable delays of buses, in a courteous, 
pleasant manner. 
 
 
 
     D.   Issue bus schedules and maps upon request, and maintain an ample 
supply of said schedules/maps in the Information Booth. 
 
 
 
     E.   Make change as required upon request, for actual or potential bus 
riders. 
 
 
 
     F.   Sell Monthly Passes and/or Punch Cards to the public. 
 
 
 
     G.   Accept and document any/all Complaints and ensure subject 
complaints are turned in to the person designated by the Company at the end 
of their shift. 
 
 
 
     H.   Avoid verbal or other forms of confrontations with the public at 
the Booth or on the telephone. 
 
 
 
     I.   Report all disturbances in the Downtown Terminal immediately to 
the dispatcher on duty or Human Resources Supervisor. 
 
 
 
     J.   Safeguard all monies and other valuables collected, to the best 
of their ability, to include restricting entry into the limits of the 
Information Booth to only absolutely essential personnel, i.e., General 

Manager, Human Resources Supervisor, Director of Operations, Cashier, 
Street Supervisor on official business, or Drivers on official business. 
 
 
 
     K.   Ensure upon departing the Information Booth, all valuable items 
are properly secured and the door to the Information Booth is locked. 
 
 
 
     L.   Conduct surveys of current and potential customers. 
 
 
 
     M.   Represent the Company at special events to answer questions of 
the public and provide information. 
 
 
 
     N.   Other similar duties assigned by the Company. 
 
    TRANSIT SURVEYORS 
 
JOB DESCRIPTION 
 
 
 
Section 1.  This section is devoted to a description of essential duties 
required in the job itself.  A sufficient number of duties are listed to 
indicate the character of the work and give a clear conception of the 
duties required.  Management agrees to discuss any changes to these job 
descriptions with the Union Executive Board prior to implementing the 
changes. 
 
 
 
Section 2.  The position of Transit Surveyor entails data collections for 
use by the Company in preparing regular reports on operational activities 
and for making changes to transit operations by performing the below listed 
duties.  Transit Surveyors are expected to do the following, which include 
but are not limited to: 
 
 
 
A.     Conducting various types of surveys of ridership, transit amenities, 
neighborhoods or businesses, traffic flow, parking, housing, educational 
facilities, recreation, zoning, and other conditions, which affect transit 
operations and planning of transit services. 
 
 
 
B.     Summarize and record information gathered from surveys, maps, 
reports, field and file investigations in manners prescribed, both in 
writing and in computerized files. 
 
 
 

C.     Enters collected data into a computer as required. 
 
 
 
D.     Other similar duties as assigned by the Company. 
 
 
 
APPENDIX B 
 
SICK LEAVE PERFORMANCE CODE 
 
 
 
I.   INTRODUCTION 
 
 
 
     The ensuing Sick Leave Performance Code is intended to encourage a 
more objective use by employees of accrued sick leave. 
 
 
 
II. DEFINITIONS 
 
 
 
     A.   Occurrence: A single absence, irrespective of the number of 
consecutive days. 
 
 
 
     B.   Hearing: Conference called by Management, when employee's sick 
leave status changes from Step I to Step II. Union participation will be 
invited. 
 
 
 
     C.   Suspension: There will be no suspensions as part of this code. 
 
 
 
III. STEPS 
 
 
 
     There are three (3) Steps in the Performance Code which are as 
follows: 
 
 
 
     A.   STEP I ? Five (5) or more occurrences within previous six (6) 
months or less.  Occurrence involving admittance to hospital as  a bed 
patient; confined to limits of residence by doctor's order; loss of the use 
of a limb (i.e. broken leg/arm) will be treated as an occurrence. 
 
 

 
     B.   STEP II ? Two (2) or more occurrences within a three (3) month 
period from the date of completion of Step I.  If an employee in Step II 
succeeds avoiding two (2) sick occurrences over a three (3) month period, 
he/she will move back to Step I. 
 
 
 
     C.   STEP III ? One (1) or more occurrence within three (3) month 
period from the completion of Step II or a total of ten (10) occurrences in 
any consecutive twelve (12) month period.  If an employee in Step III 
succeeds in not accruing another occurrence over a three (3) month period, 
he/she will move back to Step II. 
 
 
 
     D.   FEIGNING ILLNESS to avoid work at any time and/or under any 
circumstances, will be sufficient justification to consider termination. 
 
 
 
IV.  GUIDELINES OF DISCIPLINE 
 
 
 
     Your attention is invited to Table I attached. 
 
 
 
V.   RECORD KEEPING 
 
 
 
     Sick occurrences will be recorded as necessary and maintained by the 
Dispatcher/Maintenance Manager. Questions relative to the exact status 
regarding an applicable Step, should be presented to the 
Dispatcher/Maintenance Manager. 
 
 
 
VI.  GENERAL GUIDELINES 
 
 
 
     A.   Any employee that moves forward from one Step to another, will be 
informed by Management in writing, within five (5) days from the date the 
move occurred. 
 
 
 
     B.   Employees are welcome to review their Sick Leave Record.  Advance 
notification would be appreciated, but not required. 
 
 
 
     C.   Questions relative to sick occurrences in Steps I, II or III will 
be resolved by conducting a Hearing, involving the employee concerned, a 

Union representative and members of Management. 
 
 
 
     D.   Sick Leave Records, relative to occurrences, will not be closed 
out at the end of the calendar year.  Occurrences shall be recorded on a 
consecutive twelve month basis. 
 
 
 
     E.   A medical certificate will not be required for an employee to 
return to work, unless required by the Labor Agreement, however, a 
certificate is welcomed and encouraged.  After extended illness, employees 
may be requested to provide a certificate indicating their physical ability 
to return to work.  Medical certificates will be given appropriate 
consideration during a Hearing. 
 
 
 
     F.   Sick occurrences involving hospitalization or employee injury as 
a result of incidents or accidents, may be considered as excusable in Step 
I, II, or III.  It is advisable that any employee having a Step I, II or 
III occurrence, make arrangements with Management for a Hearing if the 
employee believes the latest occurrence was an excusable occurrence. 
 
 
 
     G.   Employees will be given the opportunity to defend their actions 
when a question arises relative to actual physical condition and ability to 
perform their job. 
 
 
 
     H.   For purposes of implementing this code, any employee who has four 
(4) or fewer occurrences on January 1, 1993 shall have his/her sick leave 
record for purposes of this code begin on January 1, 1993. Any employee who 
has five (5) or more occurrences on January 1, 1993 shall have his/her sick 
leave record for purposes of this code begin on January 1, 1992 except that 
one half (1/2) of the occurrences in 1992 shall not be considered in 
application of this code. 
 
TABLE I. 
 
GUIDELINES OF DISCIPLINE 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
SUBJECT:      SICK LEAVE PERFORMANCE CODE 
 
EFFECTIVE:    JANUARY 1, 1996 
 
 
 

 
 
  Step         ATTENDANCE         HEARING     SUSPENSION     TERMINATION 
 
                 RECORD 
   I.   5 or more occurrences       Yes.          0              No. 
        within previous 6 
        months. 
  II.   2 or more occurrences       Yes.          0              No. 
        within 3 month period 
        from completing Step 1. 
  III.  1 or more occurrences       Yes.          0              Yes. 
        within 3 months of 
        completing Step 2, OR,                                Advisable 
        having a total of 10                                   pending 
        occurrences in a 12                                    Hearing. 
        month period. 
 
 

