Metadata header 

This contract is provided by UC Berkeley's Institute of Industrial Relations Library (IIRL). The 
information provided is for noncommercial educational use only. It may have been reformatted 
from the original and some appendices or tables may be absent. Note that subsequent 
changes, revisions, and corrections may apply to this document.             

For more information about the IIR Union Contracts Project, contact:
Lincoln Cushing, lcushing@library.berkeley.edu

IDnum

30

Language English

Country United States

State

FL

Union IAFF (International Association of Fire Fighters) AFL-CIO

Local Local 3333, Broward County Professional Paramedics and Fire Fighters

Firefighting occupations 

 Occupations Represented

Bargaining Agency Government Supervisors of Broward Co., FL
Agency industrial classification (NAICS):
92 (Public Administration)

BeginYear 1997

EndYear 2000

Source

http://www.broward.org/hui02808.htm

Original_format HTML (multipart)

Notes

Contact

Full text contract begins on following page.

PREAMBLE 
 
A. This Agreement is entered into by and between the Board of County 
Commissioners, Broward County, hereinafter referred to as the "County" and 
the Broward County Professional Paramedics and Fire Fighters, Local 3333, 
International Association of Fire Fighters, hereinafter referred to as the 
"Union". 
 
B. It is the purpose of this agreement to promote stable and harmonious 
relations between the County and the Union, to provide equitable adjustment 
of differences which may arise thereunder, and to comprise agreed standards 
of wages, hours, and other conditions of employment. 
 
C. This Agreement shall supersede any policies, operational and procedural 
manuals, ordinances, regulations, or practices of the County which are 
contrary to or inconsistent with the terms of this Agreement. 
 
ARTICLE 2 
RECOGNITION 
 
A. For the purposes of this Agreement and the provisions herein contained, 
the County recognizes the Union as the exclusive bargaining agent for the 
bargaining unit consisting of the employees filling the job classifications 
within the Broward County Division of Fire Rescue as described in appendix 
B (PERC Order No. 92E-085, Certification 980) and Consolidation Agreement 
dated July 9, 1991. 
 
Included: 
 
Fire Battalion Commander (Fire Division Chief), Fire Battalion Chief, Fire 
Captain, Fire Lieutenant, Driver Engineer, Firefighter, Rescue Division 
Chief, Rescue Battalion Chief, Rescue Captain, Rescue Lieutenant, and 
Paramedic. 
 
Excluded: 
 
Director of Fire Rescue, Deputy Fire Rescue Chief, Assistant Fire Rescue 
Chief, Special Projects Coordinators, all clerical classifications, all 
maintenance classifications and any other support staff members in 
classifications not specifically included above. 
 
B. This bargaining unit has been appropriately certified by the Florida 
Public Employees Relations Commission (PERC), Certification No. 980. 
 
Therefore, it is understood that no changes in the composition of said 
bargaining unit during the term of this agreement may occur until all 
procedural steps provided for by Chapter 447, Florida Statutes have taken 
place, or the parties mutually agree to such changes. 
 
C. Job titles not now existing in the Fire Rescue Division, created during 
the term of this Agreement and encompassing work currently assigned to 
bargaining unit members, shall include one (1) of the designations listed 
in Section A of this Article unless otherwise mutually agreed to by the 
parties. The Fire Rescue Division Chief/Director may make temporary work 
assignments not to exceed twelve (12) months unless mutually agreed to by 
the parties. Twelve (12) months after the signing of this Agreement either 
party may reopen paragraph C of this Article. These negotiations would be 

subject to the 447 Impasse Procedure. 
 
D. Creation of New Classifications: Newly created classifications shall be 
implemented after notice to the Union, with the right for the Union to 
negotiate compensation for said new classification prior to implementation. 
 
ARTICLE 3 
NON-DISCRIMINATION 
 
No employee covered by this Agreement shall be discriminated against by the 
County or the Union because of residential living arrangements, and/or as 
otherwise protected by law, i.e: Civil Rights Act of 1964 and the Broward 
County Human Rights Act. Any such claim must be referred to the Broward 
County Division of Equal Employment and Small Business Opportunity. 
 
ARTICLE 4 
PAYROLL DEDUCTIONS 
 
A. Upon the receipt of written authorization by an employee, the County 
will deduct bi-weekly, from that employee's wages the amount specified as 
Union deductions on the authorization, (i.e., dues, uniform deductions, 
union insurance deductions). The County shall permit the Union to maintain 
a separate payroll deduction slot designated specifically for the Union 
Insurance Trust Fund. It shall be the responsibility of the Union to notify 
the County, in writing, of any across the board changes in the dues 
structure at least 30 days before the change is to become effective. The 
County shall not deduct Union fines, penalties, or special assessments from 
the wages of individual members. 
 
B. If an employee does not receive a salary check in any pay period or if 
the check is not large enough to satisfy dues deduction, the County will 
make no collection from that employee. 
 
C. Any member of the Union may request that the County cease 
 
deducting Union membership dues from his/her wages by providing the County 
and the Union with thirty (30) days written notice. The County will make 
every effort to notify the Union as soon as possible of such withdrawals. 
 
D. The Union shall indemnify and hold harmless the County from any and all 
claims or demands in connection therewith based upon the County's 
participation in dues deduction under this Article. The County shall have 
no responsibility or liability for any monies once sent to the Union. 
Further, the Union shall hold the County harmless for any non-intentional 
errors in the administration of the dues deduction system. 
 
E. The Union hereby authorizes the County to rely upon and honor 
certifications by the Treasurer of the Union regarding the amount to be 
deducted and legality of the adopting action specifying such amount of 
Union deduction. 
 
F. Amounts withheld as payroll deductions shall be paid by check to the 
Union within thirty (30) calendar days of the date on which the amounts 
were withheld. 
 
ARTICLE 5 
SERVICES TO THE UNION 

 
A. The County shall furnish the Union a copy of all written rules and 
regulations pertaining to employer-employee regulations, including but not 
limited to: County Administrative Orders, Personnel Rules, Civil Services 
Rules, Division Operational Procedures, Special Orders, General Orders, 
Bulletins, Training Notices, Videos, and other available material regularly 
distributed to members of the bargaining unit. 
 
B. The Union shall be permitted to utilize the Division "inter-office mail 
system" and make attachments to the paychecks. The Union will submit 
material to be placed in the "inter-office mail system" or attachments to 
the paychecks, to the County within a reasonable time prior to the mail 
going out or the paychecks being distributed. The mail and attachments to 
be distributed will be informative to the members. Management may, however, 
ask the Union for assistance in making those attachments to the paychecks. 
 
C. This Agreement shall be printed and supplied to the Union. The Union 
will receive twenty (20) copies, and one (1) copy to all work locations, by 
the County, within sixty (60) working days following ratification, at no 
cost to the Union. 
 
D. The County shall designate a computer terminal with e-mail access to the 
Union. Said computer terminal shall be located at a mutually agreeable 
location. 
 
ARTICLE 6 
LABOR MANAGEMENT RELATIONS 
 
A. The Director of the Fire Rescue Division on request, shall schedule a 
conference with the Union leadership to discuss subjects of concern. Such 
conferences may be requested by the Fire Rescue Director, or the Union 
President, and shall be scheduled not less than once every two months. 
 
B. The purpose of these Informal Conferences is to facilitate the 
communication and resolution of mutual concerns. They shall not be 
construed to constitute a re-opening of negotiations or resolution of 
grievances. 
 
C. There shall be a Labor Management Committee consisting of representation 
from Local 3333 and Management. The committee shall meet on request of 
either party, and at least quarterly, to discuss and develop the Operations 
Policy Manual. The Committee shall have the authority to make 
recommendations to the Division Director. 
 
ARTICLE 7 
SAFETY/HEALTH/WELLNESS 
 
A. The parties agree to abide by published standards on sanitation, safety, 
and health in accordance with applicable Federal, State and County 
Statutes, or ordinances pertaining thereto, as mutually agreed upon by the 
Joint Occupational Safety and Health (J.O.S.H.) Committee. 
 
B. Protective devices, wearing apparel, and other equipment necessary to 
properly protect the Bargaining Unit Members shall be provided by the 
County, and shall meet or exceed the level of protection currently provided 
to the personnel. 
 

C. J.O.S.H. committee shall be established. This Committee shall at a 
minimum include two (2) representatives and one (1) alternate 
representative of the Fire Rescue Division's management, two (2) 
representatives and one (1) alternate of the Broward County Professional 
Paramedics and Fire Fighters, I.A.F.F. Local 3333, and the Director of Risk 
Management or his/her designee, and additional members as mutually agreed 
to by both parties. One member, elected by the Committee, shall serve as 
the Chairperson. Chairperson ship shall be on a one year rotating basis. 
One member, elected by the Committee, shall serve as Secretary. 
 
D. This committee will meet at mutually agreed times, when called by the 
Chairperson, Union or Management. The purpose of such meetings is to 
discuss safety and health issues and make recommendations concerning safety 
and health practices of the Fire Rescue Division. The purpose of such 
meetings shall not be to resolve grievances or 
 
negotiate contract language. 
 
E. The two (2) primary J.O.S.H. Committee members shall be permitted to 
attend committee meetings on duty without the use of union time pool. Off 
duty attendance shall be compensated at the appropriate rate of pay. 
 
F. The J.O.S.H. Committee shall conduct meetings for the purpose of 
developing and making recommendations for implementing 
Safety/Health/Wellness programs and shall monitor such programs for 
effectiveness. 
 
G. The J.O.S.H. Committee established by this Agreement may evaluate 
changes in specifications for protective clothing, equipment, tools, 
appliances and apparatus that relate to safety, before implementation by 
the Division, and may issue advisory reports to the Director of the 
Division concerning such changes. The Committee shall be notified in 
advance of any proposed changes to the above-mentioned specifications. 
 
ARTICLE 8 
EMPLOYMENT AND PROBATION 
 
A. Consistent with the mutual desire for an integrated Fire Rescue System, 
eligibility for employment in a bargaining unit position shall be, at a 
minimum, a Florida State Certified Firefighter with a Florida State 
Certified Paramedic Certification. 
 
B. New employees shall be considered on probation for a period of twelve 
(12) months of active duty from the date of their employment. The initial 
probationary period may be extended for up to an additional ninety (90) 
calendar days of active duty upon the written request of the Division 
Director and the approval of the Director of Human Resources. Probationary 
employees may be discharged during their probation period for any reason 
which the employer deems to be adequate, except a probationary employee 
shall not be discharged in violation of the nondiscrimination provisions of 
this Agreement. Such decision shall not be subject to the grievance 
procedure. 
 
C. When an employee is promoted, the employee shall serve a six (6) month 
promotional probationary period. If a promoted employee fails to perform 
satisfactorily the duties of the higher position during the probationary 
period in that position, he/she shall be returned to the position held 

prior to the promotion. The question of satisfactory performance as an 
officer is within the sole discretion of the County, and such a demotion 
while on probation shall not be subject to the grievance procedure. 
 
ARTICLE 9 
PERSONAL VEHICLE USAGE 
 
A. An employee assigned to a station location and who is required to leave 
the station after reporting to duty for reassignment to another station 
during the same work day, and uses his/her personal vehicle if available 
for this or other authorized County business, shall be reimbursed at the 
established County rate per mile or applicable state rate, whichever is 
greater, and in accordance with County policy for use of said personal 
vehicle. 
 
B. The County agrees to attempt to minimize the frequency of use of 
personal vehicles under this Article, if practicable. 
 
C. The issue of reimbursement shall not be dispositive of the issue of 
whether the employee was operating their vehicle for County business. 
Further, the County understands that not all employees may have a personal 
vehicle available for use, nor may they wish to use their personal vehicles 
on County business. In such cases, employees will not be reprimanded for 
lack of availability or declining to use their personal vehicles. 
 
ARTICLE 10 
LIBRARIES 
 
A. The County will provide and maintain the following reference materials 
at all Fire and Rescue Stations as designated below, including, but not 
limited to: 
 
l. Operations & Policy Manuals (OPM). 
 
2. International Fire Service Training Association (IFSTA) manuals for all 
fire stations. 
 
3. A complete and continually updated copy of the Civil Service Rules and 
Regulations will be maintained at all Chief Officers' work locations. 
 
4. An updated pharmaceutical reference book for all ALS units. 
 
5. A dictionary. 
 
6. An updated paramedic manual for all ALS units. 
 
B. An additional selection of reading materials and training aids will be 
maintained and upgraded in the Training Division/Bureau, and will be 
available to employees upon request. 
 
ARTICLE 11 
LOSS OR DAMAGE OF PERSONAL GOODS 
 
It is recognized by the County that members of the Bargaining Unit utilize 
watches, hearing aids, corrective eyewear, and dentures in the performance 
of their duties. It is agreed that the County will replace these personal 
items damaged or lost in the line of duty provided adequate proof is 

presented to the appropriate supervisor and operations chief. It is 
understood that, in rare cases, other personal items may be lost or 
damaged, and in these cases, the employer shall provide replacement, 
provided the individual has submitted a list of personal items used in the 
performance of duty to the Fire Rescue Director for approval (on a form 
prepared by the County and made available to all Bargaining Unit Members). 
There shall be a per occurrence limit of $75.00 for corrective eyewear, 
hearing aids, and dentures; $50.00 for watches; and $25.00 for all other 
approved items. 
 
ARTICLE 12 
LEAVE OF ABSENCE WITHOUT PAY 
 
A. A leave of absence without pay of up to three (3) months (90 days) may 
be granted, at the discretion of the County, to a full-time 
non-probationary Bargaining Unit Member for illness, parenting, education, 
training or other personal good and sufficient reason and subject to the 
approval of the Division Director, the Department Director and the Director 
of Human Resources. The request and approval of such leave of absence will 
be in writing. The leave may be extended, at the discretion of the County, 
beyond ninety (90) days and up to a maximum of one (l) calendar year upon 
the recommendation of the Division and Department Directors, subject to 
approval of the County Administrator. If an employee fails to return to 
work upon expiration of the approved term of leave, the employee may be 
subject to disciplinary action in accordance with the appropriate Article 
of this agreement. 
 
B. The County will continue to maintain all insurance coverage for the 
Bargaining Unit Member for the first ninety (90) days of a leave of absence 
without pay. During any additional approved leave without pay, the employee 
may elect to continue his/her insurance coverage and if so, shall be 
responsible to pay the premium cost. 
 
C. Any employee who obtains any new, unauthorized outside employment while 
on authorized leave of absence without pay, automatically forfeits his/her 
position with the County, unless the leave of absence is for the purpose of 
running for political office (as per Civil Service Rules). 
 
D. An employee returning from leave of absence without pay shall be 
entitled to employment in the same Division/Office and same rank/class in 
which the employee was employed at the beginning of the leave, and the 
appropriate salary. 
 
E. During any approved leave of absence without pay in excess of thirty 
(30) days, no seniority shall be accumulated after the thirtieth (30th) day 
of leave. However, previously earned seniority shall be retained. 
 
ARTICLE 13 
CIVIL DUTY 
 
A. An employee covered by this Agreement who is required by the 
Division/Department or subpoenaed to appear before a court, public body, or 
Commission to give testimony, or to give testimony at a deposition, during 
off-duty hours on any matter arising out of his/her employment, shall be 
compensated for actual time spent for such appearance with a minimum of 
three (3) hours of compensation at his/her regular rate of pay or premium 
overtime rate if applicable. 

 
B. Members of the Bargaining Unit who are summoned for Jury Duty will 
receive time off to comply with this Civil Duty without loss of pay. The 
County must be notified upon receipt of a Jury Duty summons. 
 
Employees on a 24/48 hour schedule: 
 
If a duty day falls on the day before the first day of Jury Duty, the 
employee shall be relieved from duty at the halfway point of the shift 
without a loss in pay. Employees who are released from jury duty without 
obligation to return, on a regular duty day, shall report to work at the 
halfway point of the shift unless the employee is released (from Jury duty 
without obligation to return) after 1700 hours, in which case the employee 
shall be given a maximum of three (3) hours from their release to report to 
duty, or the start of their next regular shift, whichever is applicable. 
 
Employees on a 12 hour schedule: 
 
Employees working on the night shift shall not be required to report to 
duty on the shift the night before the first day of Jury Duty. Employees 
released from Jury Duty without obligation to return, shall report to work 
at the start of their next regular shift or a maximum of three (3) hours 
from release from Jury Duty, whichever is applicable, unless amended by the 
Division Director. 
 
Employees on 40 hour work week: 
 
Employees shall be released from duty without a loss in pay to comply with 
Jury Duty. Employees released from Jury Duty without obligation to return 
shall report to duty on their next regularly scheduled work day, unless 
released from Jury Duty prior to 1:00 pm, in which case employees shall 
report to work. 
 
ARTICLE 14 
MILITARY LEAVE 
 
Military Leave shall be granted in accordance with Broward County Civil 
Service Rules and Regulations, Broward County Ordinances, State and Federal 
law. 
 
ARTICLE 15 
LEGAL COUNSEL 
 
A. Upon three (3) days advance notice to the County Attorney's 
 
office, Legal Counsel provided by the County will be made available to a 
Member of the Bargaining Unit, subpoenaed or summoned in connection with 
the Member's employment, in those cases in which the County or the employee 
is a party or, in the opinion of the County Attorney, a potential party. 
Notice may be waived by the County Attorney in unusual circumstances. 
 
B. Such counsel will be provided at no cost to the Members of the 
Bargaining Unit. 
 
C. According to Florida Statutes, Section 768.28 (9), it is recognized 
that: 
 

No officer, employee or agent of The state or its subdivisions shall be 
held personally liable in tort for any injuries or damages suffered as a 
result of any act, event, or omission of action in the scope of his/her 
employment or function unless such officer, employee or agent acted in bad 
faith or with malicious purpose or in a manner exhibiting wanton and 
willful disregard of human rights, safety or property. 
 
ARTICLE 16 
SAVINGS CLAUSE 
 
A. Should any provision of this Agreement, or any part thereof, be rendered 
or declared invalid by reason of any existing or subsequently enacted State 
or Federal legislation, or by any decree of a court of competent 
jurisdiction, all other Articles and Sections of this Agreement shall 
remain in full force and effect for the duration of this Agreement. 
 
B. In the event of invalidation of any Article or Section, both the County 
and the Union agree to meet within thirty (30) days of such determination 
to negotiate a replacement section, if necessary. 
 
ARTICLE 17 
NO STRIKES OR LOCKOUTS 
 
A. The Union agrees that there will be no strikes, stoppage of work, or any 
interference with the efficient management of the Fire Rescue Division. The 
County, in return, agrees that there shall be no lockout of employees. 
 
B. Nothing contained in this Agreement shall be construed so as to prevent 
either party from exercising any rights which said party might have under 
Local or State Law. 
 
C. Florida Statutes, Chapter 447.505 states: 
 
No public employee or employee organization may participate in a strike 
against a public employer by instigating or supporting, in any manner, a 
strike. Any violation of this section shall subject the violator to the 
penalties provided in this part (Florida Statute 447.507). 
 
ARTICLE 18 
RE-OPENER CLAUSE 
 
By mutual consent of the parties, this contract may be re-opened with 
thirty (30) days notice to discuss specific issues, which will be agreed 
upon mutually by both parties prior to commencement of negotiations. 
 
If the parties are unable to agree upon an amendment to this contract, then 
the discussions shall cease and the parties will not utilize the Public 
Employee Relations Act (PERA) statutory impasse resolution procedure. 
 
ARTICLE 19 
PUBLIC INFORMATION AWARENESS 
 
The County and the Union acknowledge the need for increased public 
awareness and agree to work cooperatively to provide the public, media and 
Fire Rescue Division employees with appropriate accurate information and to 
promote a positive public image for the Fire Rescue Division. The County 
agrees to establish the full-time position of Public Information Officer 

(PIO). The PIO shall hold a uniformed position/classification as determined 
by the Division Director or Designee and be available on a forty (40) hour 
work week schedule to facilitate the exchange of needed Public Information. 
 
ARTICLE 20 
WAGES 
 
A. All bargaining unit employees shall be paid according to the salary 
ranges and promotional increases provided in Appendix A for classifications 
within the bargaining unit effective as specified in Appendix A. Appendix A 
has been modified to reflect the positions and steps for each year of this 
Agreement as indicated in A.I for FY 97-98, A.II for FY 98-99, and A.III 
for FY 99-2000. All bargaining unit employees, who are not otherwise 
promoted or leave the bargaining unit, will remain at the same step in the 
pay plan as of September 30, 1997 for the term of this Agreement. 
 
B. Effective October 1, 1997 all pay rates for the steps in the pay plan, 
except for Entry and Probation Step,which will remain the same, will be 
extended upward five percent (5%), as delineated in Appendix A.I. 
 
During FY 1997-1998, the straight time base rate of pay for all bargaining 
unit employees, employed in a bargaining unit position as of the signing of 
this Agreement, shall be adjusted upward five percent (5%) but not to 
exceed the maximum rate of their pay step, on the bargaining unit 
employee’s anniversary date. Those bargaining unit employees who do not 
receive a five percent (5%) rate of pay increase due to the pay step rate 
shall receive the difference between the maximum step and the five percent 
(5%) increase in a lump sum one time gross payment. Any retroactive 
calculation will be completed within three (3) pay periods from the date of 
signing of this Agreement. 
 
C. Effective October 1, 1998, all pay rates of the steps in the pay plan, 
except for Entry and Probation Step, which will remain the same, will be 
extended upward five percent (5%), as delineated in Appendix A.II. 
 
During FY 1998-1999, the straight time base rate of pay for all eligible 
bargaining unit employees shall be adjusted upward up to five percent (5%) 
but not to exceed the maximum rate of their pay step, on the bargaining 
unit employee’s anniversary date. Those bargaining unit employees who do 
not receive a five percent (5%) rate of pay increase due to the pay step 
rate shall receive the difference between the maximum step and the five 
percent (5%) increase in a lump sum one time gross payment. 
 
D. Effective October 1, 1999 all pay rates for the pay plan, except for 
Entry and Probation Step, which will remain the same, will be extended 
upward five percent (5%), as delineated in Appendix A.III. 
 
During FY 1999-2000, the straight time base rate of pay for all eligible 
bargaining unit employees shall be adjusted upward up to five percent (5%) 
but not to exceed the maximum rate of their pay step, on the bargaining 
unit employee’s anniversary date. Those bargaining unit employees who do 
not receive a five percent (5%) rate of pay increase due to the pay step 
rate shall receive the difference between the maximum step and the five 
percent (5%) increase in a lump sum one time gross payment. 
 
E. All new hired employees, during the term of this Agreement will remain 
at the entry level until successful completion of a six (6) month period. 

Upon successful completion of this six (6) month 
 
period, the employee will move to the Probationary Step. Upon successful 
completion of the entire probationary period (one year), the employee will 
move to Step 1. 
 
F. Longevity Plan: 
 
1. For fiscal year 1997/98 (October 1, 1997 - September 30, 1998), 
bargaining unit members who have completed the required years of continuous 
service as of, or on October 1, 1997, will receive a Gross Lump Sum 
longevity payment, within three (3) pay periods of signing this new Labor 
Agreement, based on the following years of service: 
 
15 -19 years: $ 750 
 
20-24 years: $ 1,000 
 
25 years and over: $ 1,250 
 
2. For fiscal year 1998/99 (October 1, 1998 - September 30, 1999), 
bargaining unit members who have completed the required years of continuous 
service as of, or on October 1, 1998, will receive a Gross Lump Sum 
longevity payment, the first full pay period in December of 1998, based on 
the following years of service: 
 
15 -19 years: $ 750 
 
20-24 years: $ 1,000 
 
25 years and over: $ 1,250 
 
3. For fiscal year 1999/2000 (October 1, 1999 - September 30, 2000), 
bargaining unit members who have completed the required years of continuous 
service as of, or on October 1, 1999, will receive a Gross Lump Sum 
longevity payment, the first full pay 
 
period in December of 1999, based on the following years of service: 
 
15 -19 years: $ 750 
 
20-24 years: $ 1,000 
 
25 years and over: $ 1,250 
 
G. Effective October 1,1993, EMT incentive pay for bargaining unit members 
in Fire related classifications will no longer be considered as a pay 
adjustment in addition to straight time base rate of pay, but rather will 
be considered to be incorporated into straight time base rate of pay. 
Bargaining unit employees in Fire related classifications who currently 
possess a valid Florida State EMT certification, and who are employed as of 
the signing of the agreement, must maintain an EMT in order to continue 
receiving the related compensation. This section shall not apply to 
Firefighter/PMs hired after the signing of the Agreement. Bargaining unit 
employees in Fire related classifications employed as of the signing of the 
agreement and who do not, as a minimum, hold a Florida State EMT 
certification, shall make their intentions known to the County in writing 

within thirty (30) calendar days from the signing of this Agreement of 
their desire or lack thereof in obtaining EMT certification within the term 
of this Agreement. Non-EMT bargaining unit employees in Fire related 
classifications must select one of the options (1,2, or 3) listed below and 
specify that option in the writing to the County: 
 
1. Desire to obtain EMT certification: Bargaining unit employees in Fire 
related classifications shall receive a one-time gross cash payment equal 
to five percent (5%) of their straight time 
 
base rate of pay less applicable taxes, upon receipt of a Florida State EMT 
certification. Employees selecting this Option 1 shall be personally 
responsible for obtaining their EMT certification on their own time and 
without additional compensation from the County. Article 47 Educational 
Reimbursement however, shall apply. 
 
2. Desire to obtain EMT certification: Bargaining unit employees in Fire 
related classifications shall receive paid-time-off to attend one (1) 
Florida State EMT certification course established by the County. This 
course will be given at no cost to the employee and off duty attendance 
shall not be compensated. Option 1 of this agreement listed immediately 
above, shall not be applicable to employees which choose this Option 2. 
 
3. No Desire to obtain EMT certification or failure to file an Option: 
Bargaining unit members in Fire related classifications who indicate they 
have no desire to obtain a Florida State EMT certification or fail to file 
an option shall be given written notification by the County that their 
individual station assignments and bid opportunities may be limited to 
available openings not requiring Florida EMT certification. Non-EMTs may 
have certain pay incentives unavailable to them. Bargaining unit employees 
employed as of the signing of this Agreement shall not, as a condition of 
continued employment with BCFRD, be required to obtain a Florida State EMT 
certification with the understanding that individual station assignments 
and bid opportunities, and pay incentives may be limited. Employees 
selecting this Option 3 may change their selection to Option 1 or Option 2 
at any time prior 
 
to January 1, 1999 by notifying the County in writing of their decision to 
change Options. 
 
Effective the beginning of the first full pay period after the signing of 
this Agreement, all bargaining unit employees who possess a valid Florida 
State Paramedic certification and a valid Florida State Firefighter 
certification shall be paid at a rate ten percent (10%) above their 
straight time base rate of pay after completion of County certification, 
which shall be provided to all bargaining unit employees. 
 
Effective the beginning of the first full pay period after the signing of 
this Agreement, bargaining unit employees assigned full-time to Special 
Operations unit or back-up unit (e.g., Hazardous Materials Team, Technical 
Rescue Team, Air Rescue) shall be paid at a rate two and one half percent 
(2 1/2%) above their straight time base rate of pay for a Special 
Operations Hazardous Duty assignment allowance. 
 
J. Effective the beginning of the first full pay period after the signing 
of this Agreement, bargaining unit members assigned full- time to a work 
schedule other than 24/48 (for example; Caller Aid, Air Rescue, Fire 

Prevention, Logistics, Communications, Training) shall receive an alternate 
assignment pay adjustment of two and one-half percent (2.5%). 
 
K. Whenever the term straight time base rate of pay is used in this 
Article, it shall be construed to mean the individual employee's 
established salary, exclusive of overtime, holiday bonus, or any other 
non-salary compensation (e.g., educational reimbursement). 
 
L. Bargaining Unit employees are to receive one (1) hour of pay for each 
period of eight (8) consecutive hours that they are assigned by the 
Division Director or designee to standby duty on weekdays, 
 
weekends, and holidays, which shall be paid at their straight time base 
rate of pay. Employees assigned to standby duty are required to maintain a 
state of readiness and to respond when called to duty. In addition to the 
standby duty pay, employees shall be compensated for hours actually worked 
while on standby, if any, at their straight time base rate of pay or 
premium overtime rate, whichever is applicable, consistent with the 
overtime provisions of the Articles on Hours of Work, and Overtime. 
 
M. Upon proof provided by the employee, the following Educational Incentive 
remuneration shall be added to the current straight time base rate of pay 
for employees holding the following degrees: 
 
1. Florida State Fire Officer 1 or Fire Science Certificate - 2.5% 
 
2. Associate Degree in Fire Science - 2.5% 
 
3. Associate Degree in Emergency Medicine - 2.5% 4. Bachelor of 
Arts/Science in any Medical, Fire, or government related field as approved 
by the Division Director - 2.5%. 
 
These incentives shall be cumulative, however no employee shall be entitled 
to receive more than a total of seven and half percent (7.5%) Educational 
Incentive remuneration. 
 
N. For the fiscal years 1998-1999 and 1999-2000 the County and the Union 
agree to actively pursue methods of reducing Overtime expenses. 
 
1. The Union and the County shall meet prior to December 1st 1998 and 1999 
to determine the overtime expenses for the previous fiscal year. The 
parties agree to meet regularly to review the overtime expenses and monitor 
the progress of the cost reduction 
 
program. 
 
2. For the Union’s efforts in reducing the overall overtime expenses and if 
the Division realizes a net division wide savings greater than $132,000 per 
year, 30% of any overtime savings beyond the $132,000 will be available for 
bargaining unit employee compensation. If any portion of that $132,000 
comes from the overtime reduction, that amount will not be considered as 
part of the 30% calculation. If any savings, the County and the Union will 
meet to determine the method of compensation. The parties 
 
understand that any savings related compensation is due, will be dispersed 
following the close of the applicable fiscal year. 
 

This provision will not extend beyond fiscal year 1999-2000 unless 
specifically renegotiated or renewed by the parties. 
 
ARTICLE 21 
PROMOTIONS AND VACANCIES 
 
A. When the County determines that a promotion or vacancy in a bargaining 
unit positions above the entry level is to be filled, it shall be filled by 
internally promoting non-probationary employees from within bargaining unit 
of the Broward County Fire Rescue Division. Applications for promotions 
shall be made available at the Broward County Division of Human Resources. 
 
B. Promotions or vacancies shall be filled from eligibility lists in order 
from the top. All ties shall be broken by bargaining unit seniority. 
Eligibility lists for all classifications in the Bargaining Unit shall be 
maintained at all times by the Division of Human Resources. The 
certification, ranking and qualifications shall be determined by the 
Director of Human Resources in accordance with Civil Service System 
practices and procedures. 
 
C. The duration of promotional eligibility lists for bargaining unit 
classifications shall be for two (2) years or until exhausted, whichever 
comes first. If the eligibility list is exhausted prior to expiration, the 
examination will again be given. 
 
D. The following requirements shall be in effect with regard to promotional 
procedures: 
 
1) time in grade eligibility requirement for promotional examinations shall 
be measured in terms of continuous service. An interruption for an 
authorized leave of absence without pay shall not constitute a break in 
continuous service; however, the time of a leave of absence without pay 
shall not be credited as time in service, and 
 
2) the time in grade eligibility criteria for promotional examinations 
shall be by the closing date as published on the official Division of Human 
Resources job announcement. 
 
3) all promotions shall be filled from persons holding the next lower rank, 
no skipping ranks shall be allowed. 
 
4) experience working out of classification shall not be a consideration 
for promotion. 
 
E. Promotions to any rank/classification covered by this Agreement shall be 
determined by: experience/education, written examination, oral board, and, 
where feasible, by a performance/practical examination. 
 
F. As part of determining the resulting rank certification determination, 
an oral examining board will be convened which board will consist of three 
(3) members selected by the Director of Human Resources for Broward County. 
It is the intent of the County to establish the oral examining board 
consisting of two (2) members of equal or higher rank to the position being 
interviewed for from employers other than the Broward County Commission and 
one (1) member of the Division of Human Resources (Civil Service). In the 
event oral board participants outside the County's employment are not 
available, the examining board will be established and convened solely by 

the recruitment and examination unit of the Division of Human Resources. 
 
G. A cut-off score on each examination phase will be necessary to attain an 
overall minimum qualifying score. 
 
H. Applicants receiving failing/passing grades on a promotional examination 
shall have the right to appeal their examination 
 
papers within ten (10) days of receipt of the mailing notice. Formal 
appeals of rating may be made to the Broward County Director of Human 
Resources who shall consider all claims of error and shall render his/her 
decision which shall be final and binding and without further recourse. 
 
I. Upon written request of the Union, the Director of Human Resources may 
elect to appoint a representative from the Division of Human 
Resources/Office of Equal Opportunity (OEO) to attend the selection 
interview process within the Fire Rescue Division. 
 
J. Promotional examination announcements shall be posted conspicuously in 
each Fire Rescue Station, Fire Prevention Branch Office, Logistics Branch 
Office, Communications Center, Headquarters, and Training Branch Office for 
fourteen (14) calendar days prior to the official closing date. 
 
K. The written examination process shall be given no less than twenty-two 
(22) calendar days after closing of applications and not more than 
thirty-seven (37) calendar days after closing of applications. 
 
L. Source of information for all promotional examinations shall be 
determined through the Division of Human Resources. 
 
M. The Division of Human Resources will coordinate with the Fire Rescue 
Division to schedule test or interview times to eliminate potential 
hardships on employees due to shift scheduling. 
 
N. In the event the employee believes he/she has been discriminated against 
in the examination process, the Office of Equal Opportunity shall be 
available to investigate those concerns. 
 
O. Any reinstatements into the Bargaining Unit shall be to entry 
 
level Firefighter or Paramedic only. Reinstated Unit members shall not have 
accrued seniority during separation and time in-service shall be considered 
interrupted. Seniority shall start on the date of reinstatement. 
 
P. If the anniversary date of a promotional appointee is within 30 days 
after the date of the selection, the effective date of the promotional 
appointment will be postponed to the beginning of the first pay period 
subsequent to the appointee’s anniversary date. Application of this 
provision will not entitle an appointee to retroactive compensation. 
 
Q. The Division of Human Resources will prepare, prior to the 
administration of written examinations, a basic study guide outlining 
reference material which will be valuable for applicants to review in 
preparing for the written examination. The Division of Human Resources will 
not be bound to guarantee that a specific answer to every question on every 
examination will be drawn directly from the items on the study guide. 
Notwithstanding that, the materials will be job-related and any applicant 

following the study guide material will be well-served in the examination 
process. 
 
R. Open Filing for promotional opportunities within this bargaining unit 
will be limited to unusual circumstances which meet the following criteria: 
 
  1. Requests to open file for a position for which the filing period has 
     closed will only be considered if submitted prior to the day on which 
     the formal examination process begins. 
  2. Only those requests involving unusual circumstances which prohibited 
     the applicant from filing his/her application during the filing period 
     shall be considered for open filing. 
  3. The approval authority for such requests shall rest with the Human 
     Resources Director in consultation with the Director of Fire Rescue 
     Division. 
 
This shall not in any way limit the open filing process for the 
classification of Firefighter or Paramedic. 
 
ARTICLE 22 
SECURITY 
 
Section 1: 
 
In the event that all or a portion of the County's Fire Rescue service is 
to be assumed by another jurisdiction or agency and bargaining unit members 
are affected by this change, the County agrees to pursue with the other 
jurisdiction or agency the preservation of employment for affected County 
employees. 
 
Section 2: 
 
In the event that all or a portion of the Fire Rescue Service of the 
Broward County Fire Rescue Division is abolished or assumed by another 
agency, the County agrees, if requested to negotiate with the Union, to 
establish the resolution of the following issues if not provided for 
elsewhere in this Agreement: 
 
1) Re-assignment to other jobs within Fire Rescue Division; 
 
2) Re-assignment to other jobs within the County; 
 
3) Preferential hiring lists for jobs within Fire Rescue Division; 
 
4) Preferential hiring lists for jobs within the County; 
 
5) Establishing the length of re-employment rights for required 
preferential hiring lists. 
 
Section 3: 
 
In the event the Fire Rescue service is acquired by other agencies, the 
County shall attempt to have those acquiring agencies place affected unit 
members for continued employment with those acquiring agencies. 
 
Section 4: 
 

In the event that a merger, interlocal agreement for fire rescue 
 
services, or joint powers agreement discussion is authorized by the County 
involving Fire Rescue services, the Union shall be so informed by the 
County and be given the opportunity to discuss the merger as it pertains to 
matters covered in this agreement. 
 
If a Fire Rescue service agency merges or is absorbed by the County, the 
County agrees to negotiate with the union whether and/or to what extent 
employees of the merged or absorbed agency will be covered by this 
agreement. 
 
Section 5. 
 
Should the County enter into negotiations with another agency of 
jurisdiction relative to the possible takeover by the other agency or 
jurisdiction of work currently being performed by the County Fire Rescue 
Division and involving members of the bargaining unit represented by Local 
3333, it will be the County’s position to advise the Union of such 
negotiations, solicit the Union’s input, and give such input serious and 
good faith consideration. The County’s past policy will continue in terms 
of actively advocating for the preservation of employment of County 
employees and preservation of attendant benefits to the extent possible 
during the negotiation process with the other agency or jurisdiction. 
 
ARTICLE 23 
MANAGEMENT RIGHTS 
 
The Board of County Commissioners, on its own behalf, and on behalf of the 
County, hereby retains and reserves unto itself, all powers, rights, 
authority, duties, and responsibilities conferred upon, and vested in it by 
the laws and the Constitutions of the State of Florida, including Section 
447.209 of Florida Statutes and the United States except as modified by the 
specific terms and provisions of this contract. 
 
447.209 Public employer's rights.- It is the right of the public employer 
to determine unilaterally the purpose of each of its constituent agencies, 
set standards of services to be offered to the public, and exercise control 
and discretion over its organization and operations. It is also the right 
of the public employer to direct its employees, take disciplinary action 
for proper cause, and relieve its employees from duty because of lack of 
work or for other legitimate reasons. However, the exercise of such rights 
shall not preclude employees or their representatives from raising 
grievances, should decisions on the above matters have the practical 
consequence of violating the terms and conditions of any collective 
bargaining agreement in force or any civil or career service regulation. 
 
History.-s. 3, ch. 74-100. 
 
ARTICLE 24 
PREVAILING RIGHTS 
 
During the term of this Agreement all rights, privileges and fringe 
benefits not specifically addressed in this Agreement but previously 
enjoyed by the employees of the County's Fire Rescue Division and which 
rights, privileges and benefits were reduced to writing by appropriate 
Management Personnel, will remain in effect unless amended by mutual 

Agreement. The practice must be in writing and only those practices, 
rights, privileges and fringe benefits in writing shall be considered as a 
past practice. 
 
ARTICLE 25 
UNION BUSINESS 
 
A. Up to four (4) members of the Union, designated by the President, shall 
be allowed time off without pay to attend the Union's State Convention. 
Each delegate shall be allowed to take off two (2) shifts during each 
fiscal year. 
 
B. Up to four (4) members of the Union, designated by the President shall 
be allowed time off without pay to attend the Union's International 
Convention. Each delegate shall be allowed to take off two (2) shifts once 
every two (2) years. 
 
C. Additional designated delegates may, upon request and approval of the 
Chief, be entitled to utilize annual leave to attend the conventions. 
 
D. Union Time pool allocations may be utilized for Union business 
 
upon approval by the Union President or designee. 
 
E. Employees utilizing union time pool under this Article shall be replaced 
by the County according to the overtime procedures set forth in the 
Overtime and Hours of Work Articles of this Agreement utilizing union time 
pool allocations. 
 
F. No employee covered by this Agreement shall be discriminated against by 
the County or the Union because of Union membership, Union Activity or lack 
thereof. 
 
ARTICLE 26 
RULES AND REGULATIONS 
 
The Broward County Civil Service Rules and Regulations shall apply to 
bargaining unit members except where such Rules and Regulations are in 
conflict with the provisions of this labor agreement. Reference Chapter 
447.601 of Florida State Statute. 
 
ARTICLE 27 
GRIEVANCE AND ARBITRATION PROCEDURES 
 
A. It is agreed to and understood by both parties that there shall be a 
procedure for the resolution of grievances or misunderstandings between the 
parties arising from the application or interpretation of this Agreement. 
This grievance procedure is the exclusive method of resolving disputes 
relating to the application and interpretation of this Agreement. The 
County reserves the right to discipline, demote, suspend, or discharge a 
permanent full time employee for just causes; and such action shall be 
subject to the grievance procedure. An employee may request the presence of 
a union representative at an interview they feel may lead to disciplinary 
action. Such interview shall be conducted at a reasonable time. All 
bargaining unit employees shall be subject to the Firefighter’s Bill of 
Rights. 
 

B. Grievances will be processed in the following manner. Prior to 
initiating a formal grievance, the employee must discuss the alleged 
grievance with their immediate supervisor outside the bargaining unit. 
 
Step 1. Initial Review. A written grievance must be presented on a 
grievance form provided by the County. Upon receipt of a written grievance, 
the Human Resources Director or designee shall investigate the facts and 
conduct a meeting within twenty-one (21)calendar days with the grievant, 
Union, Fire Rescue personnel and any other persons possessing knowledge 
considered critical by the Human Resources 
 
Director. The Uunion will be notified by the Human Resources Division of 
the time and place of such a meeting and shall be entitled to attend. The 
grievant may be accompanied at this meeting by a Union representative. The 
Human Resources Director or designee shall notify the grievant and the 
Union of the decision in writing within ten (10) calendar days following 
the date of the meeting. 
 
Step 2. Department Review If the grievance is not resolved at Initial 
Review, it must be forwarded by the grievant within five (5)calendar days 
of the Step 1 decision to the Fire Rescue Division’s Department Director. 
The Department Director or designee shall investigate the facts and may 
conduct a hearing within seven (7) calendar days of receipt of the 
grievance. If a hearing is scheduled, the grievant may be accompanied by a 
Union representative. The grievant and the Union shall be notified of the 
Step 2 decision in writing within fourteen (14) calendar days of receipt of 
the grievance. 
 
Step 3 - Arbitration Within ten (10) calendar days after the decision by 
the Department Director or designee, either the County or the Union shall 
give the other a written notice by registered or certified mail of its 
desire to submit the matter to arbitration, said notice is to include a 
written statement of the position of the appealing party with respect to 
the arbitrable issue(s) as well as a designation of the article(s) of the 
Agreement allegedly violated. A Demand for Arbitration shall be filed with 
the Federal Mediation and 
 
Conciliation Service and a copy furnished simultaneously to the other 
party. An arbitrator shall then be selected from a list of arbitrators 
provided by the Federal Mediation and Conciliation Service; such selection 
will be made within thirty (30) calendar days from the date the list is 
received by the alternate striking of names (the winner of a coin toss 
shall elect to strike either first or second) until one name remains; 
provided, however, that in the event either party (before any striking of 
names occurs) feels that the list submitted by the Federal Mediation and 
Conciliation Service is unsatisfactory, said party shall have the right to 
request an additional list of arbitrators. As promptly as possible after 
the arbitrator has been selected, the arbitrator shall conduct a hearing 
between the parties and consider the subject matter of the grievance. The 
decision of the arbitrator will be served upon the County and the Union in 
writing. The expenses of the arbitrator shall be paid by the party losing 
the award. If a grievance presents more than one (1) issue and/or if the 
arbitrator splits his/her award, costs shall be divided between the 
parties, providing, however; that procedural issues shall not be considered 
to affect the payment of arbitration costs. Each party shall be exclusively 
responsible for compensating its own representative(s) and witnesses. If a 
court reporter or verbatim record of the proceeding is desired, the 

expenses of the reporter and the cost of the transcript shall be paid by 
the party requesting such. 
 
C. The submission to the arbitrator shall be based on the written grievance 
submitted in Step 1 of the Grievance Procedure. The power and authority of 
the arbitrator shall be strictly limited to determination and 
interpretation of the express terms of this Agreement. The decision of the 
arbitrator is final and binding on both parties. No decision of any 
arbitrator or of the County in one (1) case shall create a basis for 
retroactive adjustments with reference to any prior occurrences not a part 
of the grievance. 
 
D. All claims for back wages shall be limited to the amount of wages that 
the grievant otherwise would have earned from the County, less any 
unemployment compensation or compensation from other sources (excluding 
approved outside employment pursuant to the Outside Employment Article that 
he/she may or might have received during the period for which the back pay 
was awarded. 
 
E. All Bargaining Unit employees shall use the grievance procedure 
 
specified in the Grievance and Arbitration Procedure Article 
 
regardless of Union membership or lack thereof and will not have recourse 
to Civil Service appeals. If the Union waives the right in writing to 
process a grievance for a unit employee who is not a member of the Union, 
the employee may process such grievance through the procedure specified in 
Grievance and Arbitration Procedure Article without Union participation. 
 
F. Grievance Form. 
 
ARTICLE 28 
PERFORMANCE REVIEW 
 
The Union understands that employees may be evaluated by their immediate 
supervisors and reviewed at higher levels. 
 
An employee receiving a performance evaluation may attach any comments that 
they desire to the evaluation form. 
 
Only formal disciplinary action (issuance of a BC-111) as a result of a 
performance evaluation may be grieved in accordance with Grievance and 
Arbitration Procedure Article of this agreement. 
 
ARTICLE 29 
VEHICLE ACCIDENTS/INJURIES 
 
A. The parties agree that the County's Accident Review Committee has 
jurisdiction to investigate and review County Vehicular Accidents and 
injuries involving unit members to determine whether such accidents and 
injuries are preventable. This board must review both the employee's and 
the supervisor's written account of the accident or injury prior to 
rendering a decision. 
 
B. The employee shall be notified and be entitled to appear before the 
Accident Review Committee to present his/her case regarding appeal of an 
accident/injury which was determined to be preventable. 

 
C. It is agreed that the Bargaining Unit will be represented on the 
Accident Review Committee and the Union may nominate a unit member to serve 
on the Accident Review Committee to the Division Director. The Division 
Director will nominate said nominee, absent cause, for appointment to the 
Accident Review Board. The Director's designee will thereafter be promptly 
appointed to said Committee. Attendance at Committee meetings shall be 
considered compensatory at the employee’s appropriate rate of pay. 
 
D. Disciplinary actions arising out of vehicular accidents/ injuries such 
as suspensions or BC-lll's, shall be in 
 
accordance with County Policy. Such disciplinary action due to vehicular 
accidents shall be subject to the grievance procedure as set forth in this 
Agreement. 
 
E. The County agrees to conduct discussions with the Union, in a joint 
Labor/Management committee forum, to develop an Accident/Injury policy that 
specifically addresses the needs of Fire Rescue Personnel. Any policies 
mutually agreed upon shall be reduced to writing and implemented in a 
timely manner. 
 
ARTICLE 30 
SENIORITY 
 
A. TYPES OF SENIORITY 
 
  1. County hire date: For the purposes of this agreement, the employee's 
     county hire date shall be deemed to begin on the actual most recent 
     date of continuous full time paid employment with Broward County. 
  2. Bargaining unit seniority: For the purposes of this agreement, all 
     bargaining unit members seniority shall be defined to be the length of 
     continuous uninterrupted service in the Broward County Fire Rescue 
     Division (BCFRD), including any documented paid uninterrupted service 
     as Firefighters of the abolished Fire Control Sub-District, the 
     Oakland Park Fire Department, B.C.A.R. F.F., or employees of B.C. Fire 
     Central prior to the signing of the labor agreement, effective on May 
     20, 1996. 
  3. Time in Classification: time in classification seniority is determined 
     by the most recent date of Promotion. F.F., P.M. or FF/PM seniority is 
     determined by the employee's actual date of hire as determined by 
     Paragraph A, Section 2, Bargaining Unit Seniority. 
 
B. SENIORITY LIST 
 
1. The County shall maintain the official seniority list (fire/rescue) of 
unit members on to one list for total 
 
bargaining unit seniority list, as defined in Paragraph A, Section 2, and 
will provide the Union President with a copy of the list within a 
reasonable period following a request. 
 
a. For bargaining unit members with the same hire date, seniority shall be 
determined by the last two (2) digits of the employee's Social Security 
Number, 00-99, zero (00) being the first and ninety nine (99) being the 
last. If the last two digits are the same, the next digit to the left shall 
be used, etc. 

 
2. The County shall maintain one (1) seniority list of combined bargaining 
unit members by time in classification and one (1) list by time in 
classification by shift (A,B,C, Alt Duty, and Days) as defined in Paragraph 
A, Section 3, and will provide the Union President with a copy of the list 
within a reasonable period, following a request. 
 
a. Bargaining unit members with the same promotional date, time in 
classification seniority will be determined by the employee's bargaining 
unit seniority date. Should this date be the same, the seniority shall be 
determined by the last two (2) digits of the employee's Social Security 
Number, 00-99, zero zero (00) being first and ninety nine (99) being last. 
If the last two digits are the same, the next digit to the left shall be 
used etc. 
 
C. USES OF SENIORITY 
 
  1. "Bargaining Unit Seniority" within each rank shall be used for the 
     purposes of selecting Annual Leave (see annual leave article). 
  2. Seniority by "time in classification" shall be used for the purposes 
     of the filling vacancies at work locations, station 
     bidding/assignments, service level reductions (layoffs), recall from 
     layoff. 
 
a. Transfers 
 
b. Station Bidding/assignment 
 
c. Layoff: 1) In the event of a layoff, the most junior member of the 
bargaining unit shall be laid off first. In the case of layoff in any 
rank/classification, the employee with the least time in classification 
shall be laid off first, but shall be allowed to "bump" junior employees in 
lower ranks/classifications. All seniority accumulated at the higher 
rank/classification shall be counted as time in classification seniority in 
the lower rank/ classification. Two (2) weeks notice or pay in lieu thereof 
shall be given to each member of the bargaining unit to be laid off. 
 
d. Recall will be in reverse order of layoff. 
 
1. No new bargaining unit employee will be hired by the Broward County Fire 
Rescue Division until all laid off members are offered recall or the recall 
list is 
 
expired. A recall list in order of layoff/seniority will be maintained by 
the County. In the event an entry level bargaining unit position becomes 
available, and a recall list currently exits, the County will recall the 
most senior, qualified employee on the list. 
 
2. Employees to be offered recall shall be informed of the County's offer 
for re-employment in the form of written notice. This notice shall be 
mailed via registered receipt requested, to the last known address of the 
employee as shown on the employer's record, and is considered received by 
the employee when said receipt is returned. Within ten (10) working days 
after an employee receives notice (as defined above) of the County offer 
for re-employment, she/he must advise the County in writing that she/he 
accepts re-employment and will be able to commence work on the date 
specified or a date mutually agreed upon. 

 
3. Any and all re-employment rights granted to an employee shall terminate 
upon such employee's failure to accept the offered position within the 
allotted time or failure to respond to the County's recall notice. The 
recall list shall be the preferential hiring list for employees affected by 
a layoff. The recall list shall remain in effect for a period of two (2) 
years and may be extended at the discretion of the Human Resources 
 
Division Director. 
 
4. An employee's accumulated seniority as of the date of layoff shall be 
retained while on the recall list but shall not be accumulated during such 
period. 
 
e. Service shall not be deemed to be interrupted by any paid leave, or any 
leave without pay of thirty (30) days or less, approved and granted 
pursuant to the Agreement. During any approved leave without pay in excess 
of thirty (30) days, no seniority shall be accumulated during the entire 
period of such leave, but previously earned seniority shall be retained. 
 
ARTICLE 31 
TEMPORARY PAY UPGRADING 
 
A. The County agrees to make reasonable efforts to minimize the utilization 
of employees working out of their classification. 
 
B. For all hours worked in a higher classification employees temporarily 
assigned to work in a higher classification shall be paid at a rate which 
is 7.5% above the employee's current rate. 
 
C. The Fire Rescue Division shall determine the average number of 
 
upgrades per classification per shift and select upgrades through the use 
of a promotional/eligibility list. 
 
ARTICLE 32 
HOURS OF WORK 
 
A. The average annual weekly hours of work for unit employees shall be 
forty-eight (48) hours per work week. 
 
B. The computation for pay purposes shall be based on 2,496 hours per year. 
 
C. The Division will determine the number and location of Kelly Day 
assignments. The County will designate all Kelly Day assignments and 
reassignments by bargaining unit seniority annually prior to annual leave 
bids. 
 
D. The starting time for employees assigned to a twenty-four (24) hour 
shift schedule shall be 08:00 and will remain in effect 
 
unless amended by mutual agreement of both parties. 
 
E. Bargaining unit employees assigned to a forty (40) hour work week 
schedule may be assigned to work various schedules (i.e., five (5) eight 
(8) hour days per week or four (4) ten (10) hour days per week). The Fire 
Rescue Division shall establish these work schedules at the discretion of 

the Division Director and only after consulting with the Union President. A 
change to an employee’s work schedule may occur so long as the employee has 
received at least seven (7) calendar days notice prior to the proposed 
change and these schedule changes are not used in a punitive or 
discriminatory fashion. 
 
F. Special and peak-hour assignments may be exceptions to the standard tour 
of duty and the County will strive to staff such 
 
assignments first with volunteers and then with qualified probationary 
employees in the needed classification. Should the number of volunteers and 
probationary employees be insufficient to meet the staffing requirements of 
such assignments, the least senior qualified employees in the needed 
classification may be involuntarily reassigned. 
 
G. An employee who is transferred from one shift or assignment to another 
will receive notification of transfer no later than seven (7) calendar days 
prior to the effective date of transfer. In emergency situations declared 
by the Director of designee, any necessary transfers will be made first 
from probationary employees not assigned to training, and then from the 
least senior employees in the affected classification. 
 
H. When bargaining unit employees are reassigned from a forty (40) hour, 
forty-two (42) hour, or forty-eight (48) hour schedule, sick leave and 
annual leave accruals, including the rate and current balance, shall be 
adjusted as specified in the Annual Leave Article and the Sick Leave 
Article of this Agreement. 
 
I. Employees covered by this Agreement who are requested to and who return 
to duty at times other than their regular schedules, except for shift 
exchange and time pool replacements, shall be credited with a minimum of 
four (4) hours, at the employees regular rate of pay. 
 
J. Beginning with the call from the Fire Rescue Division to return to off 
duty work together with hours actually worked shall constitute the maximum 
hours worked, during call back, for pay purposes. 
 
ARTICLE 33 
OUTSIDE EMPLOYMENT 
 
A. Outside employment is any paid employment performed by an employee in 
addition to his/her employment by the County. Any member of the Bargaining 
Unit who desires to perform outside employment shall first file a request 
in writing with the Director of the Fire Rescue Division. The employee 
shall notify the County of the type of employment, the hours of work, the 
name of the prospective employer, and the location where he/she is to be 
employed. The Director may recommend approval or disapproval of the 
request. If the Director disapproves the request, the employee shall be 
notified in writing with an explanation for the disapproval. If the 
Director recommends approval, the request may be granted by the Director of 
Human Resources if the criteria outlined in the section below are met. 
 
B. Outside employment may not be approved unless the following criteria are 
met: 
 
  1. Such employment shall not interfere with the efficient performance of 
     the employee's duties; 

  2. Such employment shall not involve a conflict of interest or conflict 
     with the employee's duties as determined by applicable laws and 
     regulations or the appearance of conflict as determined by the County; 
  3. Such employment shall not involve the performance of duties which the 
     employee should perform as part of his/her employment with the County; 
     (excluding approved instructional employment, e.g., Broward Fire 
     Academy or BCC). 
  4. Such employment shall not occur during the employee's regular or 
     assigned working hours; 
  5. Any employee accepting outside employment under the terms of this rule 
     shall make arrangements with the outside employer to be relieved from 
     his/her outside duties if and when called for bona fide emergency by 
     the County. 
 
C. The County retains the right to revoke its permission to engage in 
outside employment whenever an employee ceases to perform his/her duties in 
a manner which meets the standards of the Fire Rescue Division. The 
employee shall receive thirty (30) days notice of such revocation with 
explanation of such revocation in writing. 
 
D. Any employee who obtains new unauthorized outside employment while on 
authorized leave of absence without pay automatically forfeits his or her 
position with the County. 
 
E. Volunteer fire fighting shall be considered outside employment and 
subject to the provisions of this Article. 
 
F. The County and the Union recognize that the nature of Fire/Rescue 
service involves certain inherent risks to the health, safety, and well 
being of the employees of the Broward County Fire Rescue Division. The 
County and Union 
 
agree that no employees of the bargaining unit may serve as a paid or 
non-paid member of any other county, municipal or private agency providing 
emergency Fire/Rescue services and/or emergency rescue/ambulance service. 
This includes any non- emergency rescue/ambulance service not directly 
provided by the Broward County Fire Rescue Division. 
 
ARTICLE 34 
PROFESSIONAL STATUS 
 
A. It is agreed upon by the County and by the Union that all paid Unit 
employees of the Fire Rescue Division be classified as Professional 
Paramedics and Firefighters and are not subject to mandatory classification 
as a volunteer. 
 
B. No off duty member of the Bargaining Unit shall operate at Emergency 
Incidents unless specifically called to duty as specified in this 
Agreement. 
 
C. No member of the bargaining unit shall be required to train employees of 
any private fire protection services provider and/or private 
rescue/ambulance service with which the County could contract. 
 
D. No unit member shall be required to operate as a volunteer of any fire 
department/rescue squad or any volunteer fire department/volunteer rescue 
squad. 

 
ARTICLE 35 
QUARTERS 
 
A. The County agrees to provide and maintain station quarters and 
furnishings in accordance with Division Operational Procedures Manual. The 
County reserves the right to continuously upgrade the provisions of the 
Operating Procedures Manual relating to station quarters and furnishings. 
Should the Division Director, or his/her designee, determine that a serious 
safety and health hazard exists in any station quarters/equipment, the 
Division Director or his/her designee may make temporary arrangements (e.g. 
relocation) in order to alleviate such hazards and/or properly correct 
same. The determination of whether serious safety and health hazards exist, 
as well as what temporary arrangements, if any, are appropriate, shall 
remain with the Division Director or his/her designee. 
 
B. The employer agrees to furnish suitable space for the Union to erect a 
bulletin board in the Fire Stations, Fire Prevention Branch and Training 
Branch to be used by the Union. Only authorized Union Representatives will 
post or take down articles. Such articles shall be related to official 
union business and activities. 
 
C. Each Fire Station, Fire Prevention Branch and Training Branch of the 
Division shall have a complete Operations Procedures Manual and it will be 
available for inspection by station personnel who shall be responsible for 
the knowledge of its 
 
contents. Employees disciplined as a result of failure to adhere to the 
rules and regulations in the Operations Procedures Manual shall have the 
provisions in the Grievance and Arbitration Procedure Article available to 
them. 
 
ARTICLE 36 
PARKING 
 
Station area premises may be used by personnel, while on duty, to park 
personally owned motor vehicles as determined by the Division Director. 
 
ARTICLE 37 
UNIFORMS 
 
During the term of this Agreement the County agrees to provide and replace 
the following issue of uniforms at no cost to the employee. It is the 
County's intent to immediately provide to each employee at the time of 
hiring or promotion the uniforms, accessories or protective clothing listed 
in this Article. However, should such uniforms, accessories or protective 
clothing may not be in stock at the time of hiring or promotion, the 
Division shall immediately process the appropriate paperwork necessary to 
obtain such items. The Union shall have input in recommending standards and 
dress codes for the items provided in this Article. 
 
A. Uniforms shall include at a minimum the following: 
 
As recommended by the Uniform Committee working in conjunction with the 
JOSH Committee 
 
a. 5 Working Uniforms 

 
b. 1 Work Jacket 
 
c. 1 Dress Uniform 
 
d. 2 Jumpsuits 
 
e. 1 pair Black Uniform Shoes 
 
f. 1 set Rain Gear 
 
g. Officer’s collar brass will be by utilization of the bugle rank system 
 
h. Designated badges will be silver or gold for the appropriate rank 
(Officer’s gold badge and collar brass 
 
Combat Uniform shall include at a minimum the following: 
 
(NFPA/OSHA Approved equipment) as recommended by the JOSH Committee 
 
a. 1 Fire Fighting Helmet 
 
b. 1 Complete set of Turnout Gear 
 
c. 1 SCBA Personal face piece 
 
d. 1 Personal Flashlight 
 
e. 1 Personal Stethoscope 
 
f. 1 Appropriate Safety Strap 
 
g. 2 pair of work gloves 
 
B. The replacement of the above listed uniforms will be on an as needed 
basis as determined by the immediate supervisor (Battalion Chief or above). 
It is the County's intent to immediately replace the item submitted for 
replacement after the item has been turned in. However, should the item in 
question not be in stock at the time the item is turned in, the Division 
shall immediately process the appropriate paperwork necessary to obtain 
such item and without delay provide an equivalent temporary replacement for 
any and all safety equipment. Replacements will be made in the field by 
appropriate personnel. Replacements shall be at no cost to the employee 
provided the employee follows appropriate procedures and was not negligent. 
 
ARTICLE 38 
ANNUAL LEAVE 
 
A. Full time employees who are members of the Bargaining Unit and who have 
successfully completed their initial hiring probationary period are 
eligible to take accrued annual leave. Emergency annual leave, if accrued, 
may be granted to probationary employees by the Fire Rescue Division 
Director or his/her designee. Annual leave shall be accrued with reference 
to years of continuous service and is earned as of an employee's most 
recent date of employment. Leaves of absence without pay, will not be 
included in the computation or accrual of annual leave. 
 

B. Annual leave shall be earned based upon County service, as follows: 
 
 Length of Service             40 HR Schedule 42 HR Schedule48 HR Schedule 
 Less than five years          80 hours       100.8 hours   115.2 hours 
 Five years, but less than 15  120 hours      151.1 hours   172.8 hours 
 years 
 15 years or more              160 hours      201.6 hours   230.4 hours 
 
C. If a holiday occurs while a member of the Bargaining Unit is on annual 
leave, that person shall receive 10% of their scheduled pay period hours as 
holiday bonus if assigned to 24/48 hour work schedule. An employee assigned 
to any eight (8) hour work schedule shall be compensated at one fifth of 
 
his/her basic weekly salary for the holiday in lieu of annual leave. 
 
D. Vacations are recognized to be intended for the purpose of rejuvenating 
both physical and mental faculties, and all unit members are urged to take 
advantage of this benefit on a yearly basis. Accordingly, the maximum of 
unused annual leave that may be carried over from one calendar year to the 
next shall not exceed a total of three hundred and sixty (360) hours. The 
date for computation of excess leave for each year will be the end of the 
last pay period which begins in that calendar year. 
 
E. Annual leaves are scheduled by the Division Director or his/her 
designee, who shall approve requests as described below on the basis of 
seniority and the operational needs of the Division. Leave requests must be 
submitted for approval between August 1 and October 1 for leaves during the 
period beginning November 1 of the current year and ending October 31 of 
the following year. Any leave request submitted at other times of the year 
shall be on a first come first serve basis and will be approved or denied 
solely with reference to operational needs. Employees submitting leave 
requests at the proper time may designate a second choice of dates. Annual 
leave may be requested or granted in full or half shifts and not in 
portions thereof (other than leave pool utilizations 
 
and approved emergency leaves). The parties will negotiate a bid procedure 
prior to August 1, 1998. 
 
F. An employee who exhausts his/her sick leave may utilize emergency annual 
leave to cover a continuing absence due to injury/illness. 
 
G. Any member of the bargaining unit who is separated in good standing from 
service with the County, shall be compensated for all unused accrued annual 
leave at the employee's basic rate of pay at the time of separation. 
 
H. Members of the Union may donate up to two (2) shifts, forty-eight (48) 
hours, per year of annual leave to a paid union time pool to be used by 
members of the Union. Authorization from the employee must be submitted in 
writing before such donation is effected. The Union President or his/her 
designee shall notify the Fire Rescue Division of its desire to allocate 
leave from this pool to any employee. Union time pool hours will be used on 
an hour for hour basis or time and one-half if the time used requires the 
use of overtime. Under normal circumstances pool utilization will include 
the reasonable notice of forty-eight (48) hours. Utilization of the Union 
time pool will be for employment related activities and benefits including 
Union business as determined by the Union and shall be with the approval of 
the Union President or his/her designated representative. 

 
I. Subject to the limitations of this agreement, an employee with excess 
annual leave may opt to donate up to 48 hours of such excess leave to the 
Union time pool on a one-time basis. 
 
ARTICLE 39 
SICK LEAVE 
 
A. Members of the bargaining unit scheduled to work 24-hour shifts shall 
accrue sick leave at the rate of 9.6 hours per month. Employees assigned a 
normal 40-hour workweek will accrue at the rate of 8 hours per month. 
Part-time employees shall accrue a proportionate amount, based on hours 
worked. No new employee is eligible to utilize sick leave until three (3) 
months after his/her date of employment with the Fire Rescue Division, at 
which time he/she will be credited with earned sick leave hours. 
 
B. Sick leave may be granted for the following purposes: 
 
  1. Personal illness or injury not connected with work; 
  2. Personal medical, dental, or optical appointments, examination, or 
     treatment which is necessary during working hours; 
  3. Exposure to a contagious disease which would endanger others; 
  4. Pregnancy and maternity leave; and 
  5. Family Illness Leave, under the same provisions and guidelines as 
     non-represented employees, except that the maximum number of sick 
     leave hours used for Family Illness Leave shall not exceed 48 hours in 
     a calendar year for employees on a 24/48 hour work schedule 42 hours 
     in a calendar year for employees on a 42 hour work schedule, and 40 
     hours in a calendar year for employees on a 40 hour work schedule. 
 
C. An employee who is absent for an entire shift due to illness will be 
debited twenty-four (24) hours sick leave. An employee who becomes ill 
during a shift and must be replaced will be debited the number of hours 
remaining in the shift after he/she is relieved from duty. An employee thus 
relieved from duty due to illness will, nevertheless, be paid for the hours 
worked before he/she was relieved at his/her regular rate of pay or 
overtime rate of pay, whichever is applicable. 
 
D. All members of the bargaining unit shall continue to be allowed to 
accrue an unlimited amount of sick leave. The maximum of unused sick leave 
that may be carried over from one calendar year to the next shall not 
exceed a total of sixty (60) shifts (1,440 hours) for purposes of payment 
as described in Section E below. The date for computation of excess sick 
leave for each year will be the end of the last pay period which began in 
that calendar year. 
 
E. When a bargaining unit member resigns (or is terminated) from County 
employment he/she shall be paid twenty-five percent (25%) of their 
accumulated sick leave accrual as of the effective date of separation. An 
employee who attains the required number of years of service and otherwise 
is eligible for retirement under the Florida State Retirement System shall 
receive fifty percent (50%) of his/her accrued sick leave as of the 
effective date of the retirement. 
 
F. A medical certificate, including diagnosis and prognosis, signed by a 
licensed Florida physician, may be required by an employee's 
division/office head to substantiate a request for 

 
sick leave when: 
 
  1. After four (4) occurrences in any continuing twelve (12) month period 
     (an occurrence means a separate unconnected illness/injury of a full 
     shift or more), the employee shall present a doctor's excuse for the 
     next occurrence; 
  2. If a supervisor suspects abuse of sick leave because of unusual 
     circumstances or a developing pattern, (e.g., frequent sick leave 
     usage of less than one shift in a continuing twelve (12) month period, 
     employee denied annual leave and subsequently claims illness, etc.), 
     the Chief may inform the employee that a doctor's excuse will be 
     required in order to "approve" any further use of sick leave. 
  3. The illness occurred while the employee was on vacation leave and a 
     request is made to credit sick leave instead of vacation. 
  4. If absence from duty due to illness occurs in conjunction with a Kelly 
     Day and the employee has been notified or warned that a certificate 
     will be required should future illness occur in conjunction with a 
     Kelly Day. 
 
Any employee who is absent from work due to illness for a period of five 
(5) consecutive shifts or more must obtain a medical certificate, including 
diagnosis and prognosis, signed by a licensed physician prior to being 
allowed to return to work. The medical certificate required hereunder may 
be waived at the discretion of the Fire Rescue Director. Should it be 
discovered that the employee is taking sick leave under false pretenses, 
the time off shall be without pay. The employee may 
 
also be subject to disciplinary action. 
 
G. 1. Any field assigned employee who will not be able to report for an 
assigned shift because of illness must call the designated contact 
person/point on duty as soon as possible, but in any event prior to 0630 
hours, and give him/her the necessary information to fill in a sick leave 
form. Failure to timely notify the Division shall result in a loss of pay 
and may result in disciplinary action. 
 
2. Should a field assigned employee who calls in sick in compliance with 
section G-l of this Article request and be able to report to duty later in 
the same shift, that employee may report to duty at 2000 hours provided 
he/she calls in to the designated contact person/point no later than 1830 
hours. Failure to make such contact by 1830 hours will eliminate the field 
assigned employee's option to report to duty during that shift. Established 
late report/AWOL procedures will apply to the 2000 hour report time on the 
same basis as for the 0800 hour report time. 
 
H. Any employee utilizing sick leave either immediately before or after 
vacation must comply with Section G of this Article and must submit a 
medical certificate in accordance with Section F. 
 
I. Sick leave in excess of that accumulated by an employee shall not be 
granted. If an illness extends beyond the period of time covered by his/her 
accrued sick leave credits, annual leave credits or union time pool must be 
applied to the extent needed or available. Days lost due to illness or 
injury after exhaustion of all accumulated sick and annual leave shall be 
charged to leave without pay. Such unpaid sick leave may not exceed three 
(3) months without approval of the Administration. 

 
J. Full-time employees, after completing their probationary period, will be 
entitled to earn one paid shift off for any six months thereafter that they 
do not use any sick leave. The time shall be used in the six month period 
following the period in which it is earned. 
 
K. Employees covered by this agreement may participate in the County's Sick 
Leave Donation Program subject to the same guidelines and eligibility 
requirements as non-represented employees. 
 
L. Employees which have 500 or more hours of accrued Sick Leave as of 
January 1 of each year may elect to convert up to 96 hours of Sick Leave 
into 48 hours of Annual Leave once each calendar year in accordance with 
County procedures. 
 
ARTICLE 40 
HOLIDAYS 
 
A. The following days are herewith designated as holidays, to be computed 
on the actual holiday date: 
 
New Year's Day 
 
Martin Luther King Day 
 
Memorial Day 
 
Independence Day 
 
Labor Day 
 
Veteran's Day 
 
Thanksgiving Day 
 
Friday after Thanksgiving 
 
Christmas Day 
 
Two (2) Personal Days 
 
Other days designated as holidays by the Board of County Commissioners for 
all other non-represented employees shall also be observed as a holiday 
under this Article. 
 
B. Members of the bargaining unit who work on a designated holiday shall 
receive one and one-half (1 1/2) times their regular rate of pay for actual 
hours worked plus 9.6 hours holiday bonus. Time and one-half pay (premium 
pay) shall be prorated: that is, the employee who finishes a shift on a 
designated holiday shall receive premium pay for the actual hours worked 
between 12:00 midnight and 8:00 a.m. The employee who begins a shift on a 
designated holiday shall receive premium pay for the actual hours worked 
between 8:00 a.m. and 12:00 midnight. Members of 
 
the bargaining unit on 42 or 48 hour workweeks who do not work on a 
designated holiday shall receive 9.6 hours holiday bonus. All bargaining 
unit employees on a 40 hour work week shall receive 9.6 hours of holiday 

bonus in addition to their regular 40 hour rate in lieu of field overtime 
eligibility. 
 
C. An employee who is not on approved leave and fails to work his/her 
scheduled shift(s) occurring on the calendar day of a holiday forfeits the 
holiday bonus for that holiday. Sick leave shall not constitute approved 
leave for purposes of this Article. 
 
D. An employee working mandatory overtime on a holiday shall be compensated 
at the rate of double time plus the holiday bonus. 
 
E. There may be additional days on which County offices are closed due to 
special emergency circumstances which may occur from time to time. 
Employees who work these days will be paid in accordance with the policy 
determined by the County Commission for that day for regular County 
employees. 
 
ARTICLE 41 
BEREAVEMENT LEAVE 
 
A. Funeral leave of one (l) twenty-four (24) hour shift with pay will be 
granted for absence from duty of an employee in the event of death in 
his/her immediate family, within the State of Florida, or two (2) 
twenty-four (24) hour shifts if outside the State of Florida. 
 
B. Funeral leave of three (3) working days with pay will be granted for 
absence from duty of an employee working a forty (40) hour or forty-two 
(42) week in the event of death in his/her immediate family within the 
State of Florida, or five (5) working days if outside the State of Florida. 
 
C. If an employee needs to be absent in excess of authorized time, an 
automatic shift exchange will be granted upon notification to the County, 
or an employee may charge up to an additional two (2) shifts to annual 
leave (if accrued), or to leave without pay if the employee has no annual 
leave accumulated, or to the annual leave pool if approved by the Union in 
accordance with the Annual Leave Article . 
 
D. The employee's immediate family shall be defined as the employee's 
current spouse, father, mother, child, brother, sister, stepparent, 
stepchild, stepbrother, stepsister, grandparents, grandson, granddaughter, 
father-in-law, mother- in-law, son-in-law, daughter-in-law, brother-in-law, 
and sister-in-law, or any relative who is domiciled in the employee's 
household. In the event of the death of an 
 
individual not a relative domiciled in the employee's household, the 
employee may be granted up to two (2) shifts of emergency annual leave, if 
accrued, or leave without pay if the employee has no annual leave 
accumulated. 
 
E. The employee shall provide upon request the division/office head with 
sufficient proof of a death in his/her family before compensation is 
approved and paid. 
 
ARTICLE 42 
DISABILITY LEAVE 
 
A. Bargaining Unit members who are disabled because of an injury arising 

out of, and in the course of their employment with the County, will receive 
supplemental payments from the County, which when added to Worker's 
Compensation payments would equal their full pay for a specified period of 
time without charge against annual or sick leave. The disability must be of 
an immediate incapacitating nature, not one which occurred at some time in 
the past. If an injury occurs as a result of the employee's failure to 
comply with established safety rules and procedures, or failure to use 
provided personal protective safety equipment, he/she may be denied 
supplemental disability pay. The County will follow the provisions of 
applicable Florida Statutes in the determination of on-the-job injury. 
(i.e., FS 112.18, FS 440). 
 
B. If at any time Worker's Compensation benefits are discontinued or 
suspended under the provisions of the Florida Worker's Compensation Act, 
disability leave and any County supplemental payments made pursuant thereto 
shall be discontinued. 
 
C. In order for an employee on disability leave to remain eligible for 
supplemental payments, he/she must contact the office of Fire Rescue 
Division at least once each work week while the employee is on disability 
leave in order to report 
 
as to his/her medical condition and prognosis. 
 
D. If an employee is unable to perform his/her regularly assigned duties as 
a result of an injury, but is still able to perform some type of work, the 
employee may be assigned by the Division other work or duties in the 
Division during the period of his/her recuperation. Any employee physically 
able but unwilling to accept such an assignment shall be ineligible for 
disability leave and shall not receive any supplemental payments from the 
County. 
 
E. Management may order any employee on disability leave to be examined by 
a physician who is selected and approved by the Division of Human 
Resources. If the employee refuses to be examined, then that employee shall 
be immediately removed from disability leave and shall be ineligible to 
receive any supplemental payments from the County. 
 
F. Disability leave and any supplemental payments authorized as a result of 
such leave shall not exceed thirteen (13) workweeks for one (1) acute 
injury or multiple injuries occurring in one (1) accident mishap in the 
line of duty including training or eight (8) workweeks for any one (1) 
incidental injury or multiple incidental injuries occurring in one (1) 
accident or mishap (i.e., at the station). If an employee is unable to 
return to work at the end of the thirteen (13) or eight (8) workweek 
period, such employee shall be considered as automatically placed on a 
leave of absence without pay. However, a Division or Department Head may 
petition the Division of Human Resources to continue an 
 
employee on disability leave with supplemental payments for an additional 
period of time not to exceed thirteen (13) workweeks for acute injury or 
accident in the line of duty including training, or eight (8) workweeks for 
incidental injury or accident (i.e., at the station), provided that 
sufficient grounds are given by the Director or Department Head and the 
extension is approved by the County Administrator. This provision shall not 
entitle any employee as a matter or right to an extension of disability 
leave, but shall not preclude any employee from filing a grievance 

concerning this section. 
 
G. An employee who has exhausted his/her disability leave and is placed on 
a leave of absence without pay shall be entitled to reemployment in the 
first available position for which he/she is qualified and which is similar 
in pay unless the pay requirement is waived by the returning employee. This 
provision shall only grant to a returning employee the right to 
re-employment with Broward County on a priority basis when a position is 
available in the County service. This right will exist for one (1) year 
from the time when the employee goes on leave of absence without pay. 
 
H. All Florida Statutes relating to Firefighter Disability, (i.e., Heart 
Lung Bill) when applicable, shall apply to unit employees. 
 
I. In the event increases in disability benefits are made available to the 
general County employees, said benefits will also be made available, on the 
same terms, to those employees 
 
covered by the scope of this Agreement. 
 
ARTICLE 43 
SHIFT EXCHANGE 
 
A. Shift exchanges are permitted for non-probationary employees with prior 
written approval of the employee's Battalion Chief following written 
request of at least forty-eight (48) hours advanced notice. Prior written 
approval and the 48 hour notification may be waived by the Battalion Chief. 
 
B. Shift exchanges shall be rank/classification for rank/classification or 
with employees who have been previously upgraded for that rank/ 
classification. 
 
C. Any employee on duty by virtue of a shift exchange or partial shift 
exchange shall be entitled to the same benefits, privileges, and 
protections and shall assume the same responsibilities as any on-duty 
personnel. 
 
D. A replacement who leaves work early because of illness shall have the 
sick leave deducted from his/her bank and not from the bank accrued by the 
employee originally assigned to the shift. Under other circumstances, 
payroll computations will not be affected by shift exchanges or partial 
shift exchanges. 
 
E. A shift exchange constitutes an even exchange and neither party becomes 
eligible for overtime pay because of a shift exchange. 
 
F. Shift exchanges may not be taken in order to engage in outside 
employment. This provision may be waived at the discretion of the Division 
Director. 
 
G. An employee who abuses this Article shall be subject to the loss of the 
right to exchange shifts for the period of one (1) year. Any member of the 
bargaining unit who agrees to exchange a shift, but fails to report to work 
the agreed shift, shall be subject to disciplinary action. Members of the 
bargaining unit are encouraged to police the practice themselves with the 
operational needs of the County, as well as the practical needs of their 
teammates in mind. Any member of the bargaining unit who agrees to exchange 

a shift, but fails to report to work the agreed shift due to illness will 
first have the equivalent number of hours missed deducted from his/her sick 
leave accrual, and if such accrual balance is insufficient to cover the 
number of hours used, then the member will have his/her salary deducted 
accordingly. 
 
ARTICLE 44 
INSURANCE 
 
A. The County agrees to provide at no cost to the employee, insurance 
coverage, relating to health, life, accident and Worker's Compensation on 
the same terms and conditions provided other non-represented County 
employees. Bargaining unit employees and their dependents will be eligible 
to participate in a certified H.M.O. option on the same terms and 
conditions as non-represented County employees. 
 
B. The County agrees to provide optional dental plan coverage for employees 
and their dependents. 
 
C. Bargaining unit employees will be eligible to participate in any 
optional long-term disability plan which is in effect for non-represented 
County employees during the term of this agreement. 
 
D. During the term of this agreement, all employees in the bargaining unit 
shall be covered by the Florida State Retirement System or the appropriate 
Municipal Pension Fund (i.e. City of Oakland Park). 
 
E. All Fire Rescue Division employees that are members of the Union may 
elect to participate in the Union’s group insurance program. Employees 
opting to participate in the Union plan shall continue to receive the same 
amount of County FLEX dollars as non-represented employees. If the flexible 
dollar allowance is increased for all the other County bargaining units, 
the increase will also apply to employees covered by this Agreement. 
 
ARTICLE 45 
HAZARDOUS MATERIALS SPECIAL INCIDENT RESPONSE TEAM 
 
MEDICAL SURVEILLANCE PROGRAM 
 
  1. The County shall appoint a physician as the Fire Rescue Division 
     Physician who is responsible for the implementation, monitoring, and 
     assessment of a comprehensive medical surveillance program. This 
     program shall be designed to conform with all laws, rules, 
     regulations, provisions, and requirements specifically pertaining to 
     personnel assigned to the Hazardous Materials Special Incident 
     Response Team. 
  2. The County and the Union agree to jointly develop the specifications 
     for qualification and selection of physician(s) to conduct the Medical 
     Surveillance Program. All medical examinations for employees assigned 
     to the Hazardous Materials Special Incident Response Team shall be 
     performed by the Fire Rescue Division Physician(s). Medical 
     facilities/physicians performing the examinations may only be changed 
     by mutual consent of both parties. At a minimum all physicians 
     utilized shall be qualified in occupational medicine and should be 
     Board Certified. 
  3. The Occupational and Safety Health Guidance Manual for Hazardous Waste 
     Site Activities shall guide medical examinations of bargaining unit 

     employees assigned to the Hazardous Materials Special Incident 
     Response Team. 
  4. All medical examinations shall be conducted while on duty. 
  5. A revised medical examination form will be developed and used 
 
for reporting and findings when fire rescue members are examined pursuant 
to the collective bargaining agreement and Florida Law. The form will 
specifically state the following precaution in Physician’s Comments 
section: Do Not disclose or mention specific diagnosis, test results or 
medical conditions. Both parties shall sign-off on the revised form prior 
to implementation. Once implemented the form shall become a part of this 
Agreement and noted as such in the Appendix. Changes to the form may only 
be made by mutual consent of the parties. 
 
6. The Fire Rescue Division Physician will maintain all records, forms, and 
data pertaining to the medical surveillance program. No member of the Fire 
Rescue Division, other than the Fire Rescue Division Physician(s) shall 
have access to information obtained through the medical surveillance 
program. All information shall remain personal and confidential unless 
otherwise authorized by the employee. The only information initially 
available to the Fire Rescue Division/Risk Management Division 
(Occupational Health Nurse) will be whether or not employees are qualified 
or not qualified for duty. The Fire Rescue Division/Risk Management 
Division shall only be entitled to additional information after a Worker’s 
Compensation claim has been filed. If the medical examination is 
specifically related to a Hazardous Materials Special Incident Response 
Team Assignment, the only 
 
information provided to the Fire Rescue Division will be whether or not 
employees are qualified or not qualified for that specific special 
assignment. 
 
7. Employees who are determined to be not qualified may be deemed by the 
Fire Rescue Division Physician to have suffered the injury/illness as a 
result of their assignment to the Hazardous Materials Special Incident 
Response Team and shall receive coverage under Worker’s Compensation. The 
employee shall initiate the Worker’s Compensation claim. Employees may be 
temporarily reassigned to a light duty position and permitted to work with 
the Fire Rescue Division Physician to resolve the underlying medical 
condition. The decision to place an employee on light duty shall be at the 
sole discretion of the Fire Rescue Division Physician, and this decision to 
assign an employee to light duty shall be based on the employee’s ability 
to perform the assigned tasks. A temporary assignment shall be determined 
by the Fire Rescue Division Physician and based on the employee’s ability 
to perform the assigned tasks. 
 
8. If the Fire Rescue Division Physician finds an employee not qualified, 
the employee has the right to be examined by another physician of their 
choice at the employee’s expense. Should the findings between the Fire 
Rescue Division Physician and the employee’s physician conflict, a third 
and independent physician will make the final and binding determination. 
The Fire Rescue Division Physician and the employee’s physician shall 
jointly select and appoint this 
 
third independent physician at the County’s expense. 
 
9. Employees assigned to light duty for up to 120 days shall not lose the 

Hazardous Materials Special Incident Response Team assignment pay. 
 
10. Upon clearance from the Fire Rescue Division Physician the employee 
shall be returned to duty at their Special Duty assignment or reassigned to 
a Regular Duty assignment. 
 
11. The County agrees that the following definition shall be utilized as 
the definition of permanent disability: The inability to perform effective 
or efficient service as a fire fighter or paramedic. 
 
12. In the case where an employee is unable to resolve the underlying 
medical condition, the County shall: 
 
a. Reassign the employee to another position within the Fire Rescue 
Division without a reduction in base pay and shall attempt to maintain all 
benefits or, 
 
b. Reassign the employee to another position within County Government 
without a reduction in base pay and shall attempt to maintain all benefits 
or, 
 
c. Place the employee on permanent disability. Employees determined to be 
permanently disabled shall be entitled to receive disability benefits in 
conjunction with the Disability Plan so long as the employee remains 
permanently disabled. 
 
13. The County agrees to contribute to the employee an amount equal to the 
cost of a Long-Term Disability plan for all employees assigned to the 
Hazardous Materials Special 
 
Incident Response Team. At a minimum the plan shall include: 
 
Benefits equal to the County’s Long Term Disability plan effective 
01/01/98. 
 
14. Make whole provision: 
 
Employees who are assigned to another position in the Regular Class of the 
Florida Retirement System shall receive an eleven percent (11%) pay 
increase in lieu of Special Risk Class retirement. 
 
15. Any employee resigning or voluntarily leaving a Hazardous Materials 
Special Incident Response Team assignment shall have an exit physical 
within 60 days. 
 
ARTICLE 46 
PROFESSIONAL CERTIFICATION 
 
A. l. Each member of the bargaining unit shall be personally and 
individually responsible for maintaining their certification in good 
standing depending upon their current classification. Any employee who 
allows their certification to expire may be terminated. 
 
2. Upon re-certification, any employee discharged due to lack of 
certification shall become eligible for preferential hiring upon the first 
available appropriate vacancy. 
 

B. The Fire Rescue Division shall provide the proper applications for 
individual paramedic re-certification and necessary funds required for the 
renewal of the certification required by State of Florida Department of 
Health and Emergency Medical Services Bureau. 
 
C. The County will provide the necessary personnel and make available the 
continuing education credits opportunities needed for re-certification 
through the Division's Training Branch. This will be at no cost to 
paramedics except for a nominal charge for course materials for certain 
courses (e.g. ACLS). 
 
D. The County agrees that where an employee is required by the County to 
attend training for job required certification/recertification and it 
occurs during his/her regularly scheduled work hours, the employee shall be 
excused to attend with full pay and no loss of benefits. After such 
 
training session the employee shall return to work if during his/her 
normally scheduled work hours. 
 
E. When ACLS recertification is required to maintain the Paramedic 
certification, a bargaining unit member will complete the necessary course 
work and present the recertification notice to the Division. The Division 
will take the steps necessary to implement a one-time addition of base pay, 
at straight time, to the individual’s pay, in the amount of the hours 
required by the State. Further, the County will permit recertification 
class tuition charges to be eligible for reimbursement under the County’s 
Tuition Reimbursement Program. 
 
ARTICLE 47 
EDUCATIONAL REIMBURSEMENT 
 
A. Employees covered by this Agreement may participate in the County's 
General Education Reimbursement Program. The eligibility requirements and 
the amount, type and condition precedent to obtaining reimbursement, will 
be established by the County. Participation in this program is intended to 
cover undergraduate/graduate and other course work consistent with the 
program's guidelines that are not otherwise covered by the continuing 
training reimbursement program in Section B below. 
 
B. Educational reimbursement for continuing training for bargaining unit 
employees will be administered by the Division Director or his/her 
designee. The amount of reimbursement from all sources received for 
continuing training such as seminars, skill improvement course, and short 
study program shall not exceed one hundred percent (100%). 
 
1. Written applications requesting reimbursement will be submitted to the 
Department Head (through the Division Director) on the division form for 
review in order to assure that the course of study is job related, and will 
increase the knowledge or assist the production of the employee in his/her 
work. 
 
2. The Division Director or his/her designee will review the requests and 
make a determination as to which requests are approved, together with the 
amount of reimbursement, in accordance with established criteria. 
 
3. All reimbursements for continuing training will be subject to the amount 
available in the Division's Educational Reimbursement Fund, not to be less 

than $ 24,000 per contract year. 
 
C. Any off duty member who is required by the County to attend schools, 
seminars, or training activities will be compensated at his/her applicable 
rate of pay. 
 
D. Members of the Bargaining Unit may receive up to forty-eight (48)hours 
per year in multiples of four (4) hours (i.e. 4, 8, 12) with pay each as 
educational leave to attend school, conferences or seminars of a job 
related educational nature, subject to the approval of the Director. 
 
ARTICLE 48 
OVERTIME 
 
A. In an effort to reduce overtime expenditures and promote a positive 
working environment, the County and the Union agree to a joint 
Labor/Management approach to overtime. The overtime policy outlined in 
Appendix C shall be the official policy for overtime assignments. Should 
the policy in Appendix C require modification, the Director of Fire Rescue 
or designee and the Union President or designee shall be authorized to 
modify the policy by mutual consent. Any modification to the overtime 
policy shall be reduced to writing and placed in Appendix C replacing the 
previous policy. 
 
B. Authorized overtime will be paid at the rate of one and one- half (1½) 
times an employee’s regular rate of pay. 
 
C. The County has established a twenty-eight (28) day work period for the 
purpose of complying with the Fair Labor Standards Act (FLSA) for those 
employees considered partially exempt under Section 207(k). 
 
D. Contractual Overtime will be computed on the basis of actual hours 
worked beyond an employee’s regularly scheduled shifts (8, 10, 12, or 24 
hours) in a seven (7) day period, beginning Sunday at 0800 and ending the 
following Sunday at 0759, an employee who works more hours than his/her 
scheduled shifts during this period will be paid overtime for the 
additional 
 
hours worked. Shifts paid for any authorized leave shall be computed as 
hours worked with the exception of sick leave and any other leaves charged 
to sick leave for the purpose of calculating overtime. 
 
E. Members of the bargaining unit who are required and/or assigned by the 
County to begin a consecutive work assignment at a different location 
immediately after being released form duty on a regularly scheduled 
assignment will lose no pay because of the travel between locations, as 
long as the employee arrives at the second station without delay. The 
employee awaiting his/her relief at the second location will be paid for 
the additional holdover time at the applicable rate of pay. 
 
F. In the event that a need for overtime should occur in the Fire Rescue 
Division because of scheduled leaves, sickness, or other unforeseen 
conditions, equal exposure of overtime - scheduled fairly and equitably - 
for unit employees, rank for rank, shall be implemented as stated in the 
policy specified in Appendix C. 
 
G. The Fire Rescue Division shall maintain a record of overtime assignments 

and attempts to contact employees for overtime assignments. The Union 
President (or designee) shall have the right to review these records at 
will with reasonable notice, and supplied copies when needed. 
 
H. Off duty employees called back to work shall be paid for actual hours 
worked with a minimum of (4) hours. Employees who work (4) hours or less 
shall retain their position on the 
 
overtime assignment roster. The callback minimum shall not apply to 
holdovers. 
 
I. Employees shall not be required to remain on duty for more than (6) six 
hours after the end of their assigned shift. The County agrees to begin 
calling for Mandatory overtime within (3) three hours if after utilizing 
the proper procedures every reasonable effort has been made to fill the 
vacancy. 
 
J. Details, Special Events, Fire Investigations, or other overtime 
assignments not specifically described herein shall follow the procedures 
as outlined in this Agreement. 
 
K. In the event of a declared emergency or natural disaster, the Division 
Director (or designee) and Union President (or Union Designee assigned to 
operate the Member Assistance Program) may agree to modify or suspend the 
provisions of this Article for the duration of the emergency. This 
Agreement must be placed in writing within twenty-four (24) hours after the 
declared emergency or natural disaster and signed by the two appropriate 
parties. 
 
L. Employees may elect to receive compensatory time in lieu of overtime at 
the employee’s discretion. Compensatory time shall be accrued at the 
appropriate overtime rate. The employee may use such time, based on 
staffing levels as determined by the County. The County has the right to 
deny such compensatory time off and pay overtime instead. Once an employee 
has accrued one full shift or more of compensatory time, the accrued 
compensatory time shall be scheduled to be 
 
used or paid out within (90) ninety days of the date of accrual. In any 
case, employees may not carry accrued compensatory time for more than one 
year, at which time the employee will be paid for all accrued compensatory 
time. 
 
ARTICLE 49 
MAINTENANCE 
 
A. Members of the bargaining unit will perform normal preventative vehicle 
maintenance including the following: 
 
  1. Checking battery water level if accessible, and maintaining at 
     recommended operating level; 
  2. Checking engine oil level and maintaining at recommended operating 
     level; 
  3. Checking fuel level and maintaining at practical and useable operating 
     level; 
  4. Checking tire pressure and maintaining at recommended operating level; 
  5. Checking of transmission fluid level, if accessible, and maintaining 
     at recommended operating level; and 

  6. Routine cleaning of vehicle. 
 
B. Normal equipment maintenance will be performed by employees, including 
the following: 
 
  1. Routine cleaning of equipment; 
  2. Charging batteries to operating level; and 
  3. Replacing batteries. 
 
C. Station duties shall consist of normal housekeeping responsibilities. 
 
D. Members of the bargaining unit will promptly report to their immediate 
supervisor any deficiency in the above or any other mechanical or physical 
condition of vehicles or equipment requiring maintenance or repair. 
 
E. Members of this bargaining unit will perform no lawn, building, or 
property maintenance. 
 
ARTICLE 50 
COMMUNICABLE DISEASES/HAZARDOUS MATERIALS 
 
The County agrees that employees covered by this Agreement who feel that 
they may have been exposed to a communicable disease or to a hazardous 
material as a direct result of the performance of their duties for the 
County, may file a Notice of First Injury (BCL-1) which will be kept on 
file by the County indefinitely. However, the parties specifically agree 
and understand that nothing in this Article shall be construed as a 
presumption that any exposure to a communicable disease; or exposure to 
hazardous material, is job related or that any claim for worker's 
compensation benefits is compensable. 
 
ARTICLE 51 
DRIVER ENGINEER 
 
A. It is agreed by both parties that the classification/rank of Driver 
Engineer shall continue to be maintained within the bargaining unit. 
 
B. Further, it is our mutual understanding that Driver Engineers shall be 
assigned to all in service engines, pumper tankers, squirts, ladder trucks 
and similar apparatus which require a knowledge of pumps and hydraulics to 
operate. 
 
C. As evidenced in the pay plan Appendix A - Driver Engineer immediately 
precedes the position of Fire Rescue Lieutenant. 
 
ARTICLE 52 
LETTERS OF UNDERSTANDING 
 
The attached Letters of Understanding, listed below, are to continue in 
effect throughout the term of this agreement. 
 
Date Subject 
 
1) December 6, 1990 Alternate Work Schedules 
 
2) December 20, 1993 Fire Rescue Captain/Communications Supervisor 
 

3) April 9, 1996 Medical Coverage Plan for Disabled Employees 
 
4) July 1, 1998 Two Year Promotional Test Schedule 
 
ARTICLE 53 
TERM OF AGREEMENT 
 
Section 1. The provisions of this agreement shall be effective for fiscal 
year 1997/98, 1998/99, and 1999/2000 upon ratification of the Union 
membership and approval of the Board of County Commissioners for Broward 
County, Florida except as otherwise provided in the Agreement, and shall 
continue in force through September 30, 2000. 
 
Section 2. This agreement shall continue in effect subsequent to September 
30, 2000 or until a successor agreement is approved and implemented except 
as otherwise provided in the Agreement. If either party desires to modify 
this agreement, the moving party must notify the other in writing of its 
intent to bargain at least one hundred twenty (120) days prior to September 
30, 2000. In the event such notice is given, negotiations shall begin no 
later than ninety (90) days prior to September 30, 2000. 
 
SIGNATURE PAGE 
 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Agreement to be 
executed and signed by their duly authorized representatives, as of this 
_____ day of__________ , 1998. 
 
FOR BROWARD COUNTY: FOR LOCAL 3333, IAFF: 
 
_____________________ _________________________ 
 
Commission Chairperson President 
 
______________________ __________________________ 
 
County Administrator Vice President 
 
______________________ _________________________ 
 
Director Negotiating Team Member 
 
of Human Resources 
 
______________________ __________________________ 
 
Witness Witness 
 
APPENDIX C 
 
OVERTIME POLICY 
 
A. This Appendix shall be the official policy for overtime assignments. 
Overtime will be accomplished in the manner prescribed herein. 
 
B. Overtime will be scheduled - fairly and equitably - by means of one 
overtime list. This list shall be in order of time in classification 
seniority, with all employee ranks, qualifications, and shift assignments 

listed next to their names (i.e. Fire Fighter/Paramedic, Air Rescue, 
Hazardous Materials, Technical Rescue, Communications Captain, etc.). Not 
withstanding the above, employees regularly assigned to a 40 hour work week 
will not be eligible for field overtime assignments. 
 
C. When an overtime assignment becomes available, the appropriate officer 
will refer first to the overtime roster. 
 
  1. Beginning with the first name, the officer will attempt to contact the 
     employee listed on that roster, who have the minimum qualifications of 
     the position needed. When subsequent overtime positions are available, 
     the roster will be followed in order, always starting with the 
     employee with all the needed qualifications, and the least amount of 
     overtime hours. 
  2. Once an employee accepts an overtime assignment, that employee shall 
     be placed on the list to the appropriate position based on the total 
     number of hours worked. 
  3. Any employee who refuses an overtime assignment of twelve (12) hours 
     or more shall be charged as if the employee had actually worked the 
     time. Assignments of less than twelve (12) hours shall be charged 
     against the employee only if accepted. If an employee declines to 
     accept an assignment of less than twelve (12) hours, there shall be no 
     charge against the employee on the overtime list. 
  4. Employees shall supply the Fire Rescue Division with one overtime 
     contact number (i.e. home telephone, cellular telephone, pager, etc.). 
     If the employee is not contacted, or does not respond to a page, they 
     will not be charged. If the employee elects to use a pager as his/her 
     contact number, they will be allowed five (5) minutes to call back 
     prior to contacting the next qualified employee on the overtime 
     assignment list. 
  5. If the employee is on a Kelly Day, they can be called for an overtime 
     assignment. If the employee is on an approved shift swap and unable to 
     accept the overtime assignment, this will not be charged against the 
     employee. 
  6. Employees will be allowed to perform time swaps of up to twelve (12) 
     hours while on an overtime assignment. 
  7. If no employee(s) are available to work the overtime assignment, the 
     Division will upgrade qualified employee(s) on the shift (according to 
     the temporary upgrading article), where the overtime is needed, and 
     call overtime (as described above) for the rank/classification that 
     was vacated by the upgrade. 
  8. In an effort to prevent the utilization of mandatory 
 
overtime assignments, only after exhausting all measures available and 
prior to utilizing a mandatory assignment the County shall be permitted to 
call persons qualified to work in a higher classification to fill the 
overtime assignment in an Acting capacity. Persons upgraded while on an 
overtime assignment shall be entitled to temporary upgrade pay as outlined 
in the Temporary Upgrading Article. 
 
9. The Fire Rescue Division shall attempt to schedule overtime the 
preceding day. 
 
10. Employees may request to have their names removed from the overtime 
roster. Should an employee wish to place their name back on to the list, 
they must notify the Division. All requests shall be in writing. 
 

D. After the procedure delineated in Section C of this appendix has been 
followed, the County has the right to make a mandatory overtime assignment, 
beginning with the lowest person on the seniority roster qualified for the 
overtime assignment. The County will not require the same employee to 
accept more than one (1) mandatory assignment within the period of one 
running year, unless during a declared emergency situation (by the County 
Administrator) or natural disaster. Any employee misrepresenting the 
occurrence of a previous mandatory assignment within a running twelve (12) 
month period shall be subject to disciplinary action. Any mandatory 
assignment on an official county holiday will be paid at the rate of double 
time. A running year shall be defined as twelve (12) months from the date 
the employee was last required to work a mandatory 
 
assignment. 
 
E. New employees, newly promoted employees, and demoted employees shall 
have their overtime bank credited with a number of hours equal to the 
employee with the highest number of hours in that specific job 
classification. 
 
F. Any employee may be called for overtime assignments of four (4) hours or 
less. Employees which decline an overtime assignment of four (4) hours or 
less will not have those hours counted against them on the overtime list. 
Employees that accept an overtime assignment of (four) 4 hours or less will 
have the actual hours worked charged against them. 
 
G. Employees shall not be permitted to work an overtime assignment while on 
an approved leave. 
 
H. No employee would normally be contacted to work on overtime assignment 
after working or are scheduled to work forty-eight (48) consecutive hours 
excluding holdovers. 
 
Return to Collective Bargaining Agreements 
 
Return to Human Resources Home Page 

